[Music]
hello world on this week's episode of
the concrete podcast we're back with
everyone's favorite conman
Matthew B Cox this podcast tells the
story of a kid in his mid-20s named
Blaine Davis who managed to steal tens
of millions of dollars utilizing foreign
exchange market trading otherwise known
as Forex Blaine was so slick that once
the market crashed in 2008 and the
federal indictment started closing in he
was not only able to siphon millions of
dollars offshore but he was able to
shift all the blame of his Ponzi schemes
onto one of his biggest victim investors
by the name of Donovan Davis Blaine's
multiple Ponzi schemes were ultimately
rolled in to the largest Forex Ponzi
scheme in history Blaine is scheduled to
be released in April of 2021 yet his
victim investor Donovan the one he was
able to shift all the blame onto and the
only innocent man in the story still
sits in prison with a decade left to
serve this might be one of the best
stories Matt's ever told on the show we
really enjoyed it and I hope you do too
enjoy the show
what's up double-double ventes they fuck
the coffee that's rockin the double vent
day what's in that we're in those coats
it missing
it's a the sugar is probably at the
bottom up
that's alright a little bit now stir it
up I'm not sugaring it how much are you
putting the coffee again eight raw sugar
so eight Ross sure there's per cup the
Pinta vanilla latte with ate raw sugars
and I got two of them so this one I
drank on the way here okay make sure
that thing's empty straight sugar at the
bottom octane babe oh yeah now that's
the good part on this one so that's
that's good okay so alright back by
popular demand ex-con man and true crime
author Matthew B coughs what's up Matt
thanks for coming back alright what are
we gonna talk about today
today is about a story I wrote about a
guy named Donovan Davis which is locked
up in Coleman and it's you know honestly
it's really more about Blaine Davis
which is a con man then that has run is
three Ponzi schemes and it's currently
in prison right now but being released
in a few years
unlike Donovan who's serving 17 years
for being duped by being duped into into
participating in a business that ended
up being a Ponzi scheme that he was
unaware it was a Ponzi scheme so that's
really uh okay exciting yeah how come
all these con men what's up dumb I mean
look at this yeah Jimmy to hold this and
make sure I see the same thing that
happened what happened last time I mean
what happened last time is you said hey
make sure you get some talking point
right prepare something like I'm on for
I didn't say that yes you do submit I'll
give you the taxi were like you like
send up some talking points and then I
prepared talking points I spent all day
preparing talking points and then you
guys were like where's my tush
shit bro what's up this is the podcast
Matt it's a podcast bro we just talk
apparently everybody hates when I
fucking talk or when he fucking talks
they just want you you I mean they love
you
how are the comments in that last one
like I read like I read like the first
there are some venom-filled people on
there they are spitting some are they
saying oh yeah Danny sends me a couple
here in there I got me write of you live
there were there's fucking there's like
there's probably a thousand now I got
you to the point where I read like ten
and I was like this is different I kept
reading and when I got to like 50 or 60
I was like oh fuck I don't even think I
want a call I was gonna call I was like
my first first fucking ten I thought
maybe I should call Danny and say have
you seen these but by 50 or 60 I was
like fuck this is this is bad bro 95% of
them are those two fucking moron quit
fucking interrupting matters like I mean
I'm used to guys being rough around the
edges but yeah it is pure VIN are they
that vicious in prisons no no it's more
like you stop saying thank you and
please you stop you just you're just
like you know it's like let me give you
some let me get some sugar yeah all
right man I got you can't even be that
vicious in prison because you'll get
your ass yeah you too of it yet you
couldn't see the stuff these guys were
saying yeah there's no limits on the
internet I'm like remember I finally I
said listen I was gonna say Sodom and
Gomorrah come the fuck on dad I was like
have you read these you're like yeah
well they're pretty bad then you've got
to point after you read enough um you're
like did you read this one this is
pretty good I'm like yeah they you get
over the fact that they're being vicious
it does become comical you can remove oh
yeah its function yeah but even when I
was like oh look here's oh look here's
here's one look Matt
bro you're fucking awesome you're you
great except for those two fucking
morons like some guy called me a
200-pound hat rack oh yeah by the way if
we that get that guy that was the best
one I ever read if we got find a guy who
left the comment we'll send his name I
don't remember we had the screenshot of
it but if the guy I need a free sweater
for that comment on this one the guy who
called him a 200-pound hat rack and
we're gonna send you a box full of free
shit for reemerged free concrete merch
oh god all right anyway sorry we want to
keep those people around yeah we love
that shit they're entertaining I hope
they keep fucking going off because it's
looking great
yeah so how did you meet how did you
meet Donovan in prison and how did he
kinda how did he so I introduced his
story to you Donovan is I'll say Donovan
six-foot-tall god he's got to be at
least probably 300 pounds big belly he
used to have a beard which he would he
would he would get like you know cut
like really specific to any would he
told me well I get it cut like he's he
called it facial architecture he said it
makes it look like I still have a
jawline yeah it doesn't um I mean he's
just a big teddy bear you know I'm
saying he's a big guy he's he says he's
Jamaican but and he is Jamaican but his
ancestors are from India hmm so he's
just a big Indian guy who's Jim with a
Jamaican accent and really he could turn
it on and off and he's just a big teddy
bear he's the nicest guy and I forget
what happened we he we here we got he
was new to the unit and he looked at me
a couple times we did the nod and
somebody said hey he's here for fraud
and then I don't know one day we were
sitting there talking he goes well what
kind of fraud are you here for and I
said bank fraud now what are you here
for he's like it was a Ponzi scheme and
I was like oh we won't I said well what
you get he's like well I didn't get
anything I think over what you do he's
well I'm innocent I was like nice I
liked it you played it all the way
that's kind of that's kind of the red
flag that he actually may not be a con
man if he said that he's innocent right
oh yeah he he's yeah he's absolutely not
a comment I mean wouldn't you talk to
him you realize he's a dupe
he's a kind of guy and I used to joke
with him all the time he's just he
believes pretty much anything you tell
him he's just very much a nice guy who
worked hard his family worked hard and
they have money his family came over
from Jamaica they started working like
in a like they started off as mechanics
and then eventually they they started
doing excavation and and some land work
and before you know it it's it starts
taking off and they end up selling
owning a company like I said they sell
dirt they they they go and they lease
huge plots of land they go in they dig
out these huge ponds and they just sell
the dirt that's all they do I didn't
know that was a thing until he told me
and it's it's it's huge so masse for you
Oh talk to his father and see if his dad
I'll put up some fucking and sponsor the
fucking podcast I was gonna mention that
that why would his dad sponsor I don't
know he's got it he's got a rabbit I
somewhere who owns the dirt company he
had advertised his dirt company on here
I don't know if he does or not oh well
wakin up cause it's worth talking mark
making a phone call speaking of sponsors
this episode of the concrete podcast is
brought to you by get the fuck out of
here
Bud Light are you serious thanks to
Matthew B Cox we now have enough viewers
to get sponsors they sent us 112 lat Bud
Light buy a 12-pack no icy-cold
brain octane none of his peers gonna
like that who what oh no I was talking
about the the Bud Light sponsorship
she'll be fine yeah well Caroline she
came by my house a day I peed in cup
she's happy
I'm sure it's gonna be turn out fine
she's good so you ought to drink she
mentioned you did she she goes you know
that guy she said like his voice totally
matches his his what he looks like I
laugh that's a compliment or not this is
the gap so I ended up writing Donovan
story because I started talking to him
and he explained about his story and
basically and what's great about Donovan
a lot like got a lot like who else
like Rossini or you'd ever Olli is that
these guys are still fighting their case
or they have lockers full of stuff so if
you say if I said well when did that
happen I'll hold on hiko pull it out and
bam
here it July 2nd you know two thousand
ninety you know two thousand eight yeah
whatever so he had all the documents so
it's perfect so yeah so basically
there's a guy named named Blaine Davis
no no relation to Donovan Davis so
Blaine Blaine was rate or Blaine was
born and I want to say Germany was blend
he was born overseas his father was in
the military he's been a bunch of
different branches of military one of
the things that Blaine used to tell
people was that his father was in the
CIA
his dad was insecure and did security
work and and defense contract work but I
don't know if he necessarily was in the
CIA might have been to see I think I
think he did do work for the CIA at one
point so he's done work for all kinds of
different branches of the government so
he was raised like a military brat
moving around all the time and
eventually when he became he was in his
20s he he wasn't making very much money
he wasn't going to school they had
dropped out of school and he started
doing forex trading but he's not making
a lot of money and what is forex trading
sorry to interrupt
that's alright forex trading is when you
trade you basically it's like you're
betting against the rise and fall of
different currencies so it's currency
trading you're they're betting that the
dollar will be worth more than the euro
or whatever you know I don't know the
exact what the definition of forex
trading is okay oh but I'm sure I'm
sorry just fucking and said it wrong
basically they're there you can buy it
you can buy like options and you you bet
that it's gonna go up or down and then
you get whatever the spread is and
they'll do it on like a fraction so they
end up but you know you can end up
really leveraging what you've got the
problem is you could lose everything
you've got the real problem with the
whole market is that if I'm winning
somebody else is losing so it's kind of
a back and forth it's you know I'm
saying it's not like the stock market
Metin sports right yeah somebody's
winning somebody's losing exactly so but
but Blaine starts doing forex trading so
he's representing some guys he's using
their money he's investing their money
and but he's not making a lot of money
you know he's very charismatic
good-looking guy and very flashy but
he's not making a lot of money and so he
ends up watching the movie the boiler
room and he gets inspired by the movie
the boiler room and basically the reason
the reason I know all up like I have all
the documents right now what he actually
Ted this is what kills me is that when
he was actually interviewed he actually
tells the fucking IRS agent which
investigate he actually tells them he
was inspired by the movie the boiler
room nice the fuck says that's like
saying you know ice it's like oh yeah I
was inspired by Goodfellas so he so in
the boiler rooms a movie about it's just
huge fraud right so what he does is he
goes out and he convinces blame
convinces a bunch of his buddies and
front to invest money with them so give
me 10 grand I'll put it in the in the in
for X and I'll make you you know you're
gonna make an you got to make eleven
twelve thousand dollars whatever it may
be so a couple guys give them gives five
grand 10 grand it starts small but very
quickly these guys are making huge
amount of money back so they turn around
and they say okay I'm gonna go to my
sister I talked to my sister now next
thing you know this guy's putting in 20
grand his sister's putting in 30 grand
is this guys putting in 10 grand this
guy one guy put in almost a 120,000
dollars
Blaine ends up that the the dollar
amount varies but basically the main
number it ends up being between like
half a million to a million dollars he
takes from these guys friends and
friends of friends he ends up convincing
one guy to help make spreadsheets to
track how the money is growing the fact
is the money's not growing at all it's a
Ponzi scheme guys are giving you money
in and then when you ask for your money
back I just give you your money back
plus a little bit of Danny's money so
you think I just made 20% Danny still
thinks his money's in the account
Danny's money's not in his account I
spent it on my new Mercedes yeah and
then the next day when Danny says I want
my money back I just take it from Bob I
give Danny's original amount back plus
what Danny earned so you're paying new
investors with old investors money
here's hoping that all the investors are
nuts for their money back at once
absolutely because then you go under
well that's what happens with with
Blaine is that eventually he's one
giving too much that the returns are too
high you know he's not he's not he's not
Bernie Madoff yeah who's giving him too
much money back right Bernie Madoff was
giving you enough that you're doing
you're doing better than everybody else
but not so much that it's not that it's
not unreasonable yeah and so he was able
to go forever
Blaine's not that sharp Blaine's giving
guys huge returns and so eventually he
can't pay out their returns and one or
two people asked for their money back he
spins them and he spins them and he you
know oh I'm in Europe right now we're
all my my my phone it doesn't work I
couldn't return your email Oh didn't you
get the wire didn't you get the why I
got read all the excuses how old is this
how old is he at this point by the way
just early 20s early 20s yeah so yeah so
no and I mean you know anyway he's gotta
be smart in the early twenties didn't
even know about all this type of stuff
that's trading in shoes he's sharp he's
sharp and obviously he's ruthless yes oh
god people are pulling money out of
their he's convincing people to pull
money out of their 401k get 30 grand out
of your 401k give me 30 grand I'm gonna
have you $45,000 within six months you
never get your 40 you're not getting
your 30 so this goes on and on and
eventually these guys kind of start
grouping together because they do know a
lot of a lot of one another so
eventually a group of like I think seven
or eight of them get together they track
him down at his house and oh yes the
video of the video you have a video of
it I have a video on my website inside
true-crime which is on YouTube and it's
the video one of the guys brings a video
camera and video
them confronting him and he's all
they're like they're trying they're
telling him he's gonna sign this piece
of paper you're gonna this he's all like
well how much time do I have to give the
money back and at one point he says he's
like I don't feel comfortable with all
you guys are pressuring me and they're
like feel comfortable with you steal it
from us he's like are so he signs and
one of the guys the very end of the
video they cut it off one of the guys is
like look if you don't have the money by
like Monday or something they're like
we're gonna come back here he used to
but I'm here I'm gonna come back here
with some other guys that aren't like
these guys you would be sorry and they
cut the video so it's pretty funny uh
but yet it's on the on the on the
website so okay so and basically I know
about that whole scam because it was all
in the FDLE report which I have this
whole FDLE report but let me keep let me
flip through here just so that I can
keep up with where I'm at he loses the
much so basically these guys end up they
go to his house he doesn't have the
money they say he says he's gonna have
the money he doesn't have the money
right and eventually he just moves picks
up his shit knee moves and Abel's right
yeah moves exactly so he lose Orlando
moves the Naples what was that what
that's a Mel boy no Naples Naples is on
this Coast and the Gulf Coast okay so
it's probably like two hours south of
st. Pete so when he's there he meets a
guy named date he meets a guy named
Damian Broomfield Damian is kind of a
computer geek and he's working IT for
some company and he meets Damian's
girlfriend knows Blaine's wife or
fiancee or whatever yeah and they end up
at a party together and they start
talking sees that he's driving a nice
new you know Mercedes or whatever and so
they had a little chitchat and they both
kind of fancy themselves as being you
know savvy business guys
and so Blaine starts talking up Damian
tells him about how he's in for axe
making a bunch of money doing really
well they had they hit it off and they
decide to go ahead and start or Damian
decides to give him some money to invest
so it gives him like 50 grand to invest
50 yea it's 50 grand to invest so he
gives him like 50 grand and blame
basically blows that money and so when
Damien comes back for the money he says
he convinces him listen let's open up a
business together we'll open up a forex
trading company we'll trade Forex it's
like a you know like a hedge fund or
something where you guys will invest and
we'll invest their money so I don't
quite know if Damien at that point knew
his money was gone or if he just kind of
joined him he very quickly realized this
money was gone because Damien
immediately turns around and starts
raising money well the guy that Damien
knows that has money is a guy named
Donovan Davis so he goes to Donovan and
he says hey Donna McDonald Ben's driving
a Porsche he's got a Lamborghini he's
got I mean you know he's got a Bentley
explained again how he has money what
his business does his money his parents
came here they started a company
eventually and it they buy and sell dirt
yeah okay so buy and sell they buy land
they dig it up they sell dirt I don't
think they're buying dirt so they're
selling dirt so they they are basis
basically what they do is I think all of
Brevard County is like two or three feet
under under sea level so to build on it
you can't build on anything that's not
sea level so you sell you the dirt to
build up the land to build your house or
build a filter right filter that's smart
you own the real estate and you just
mine it for fuck they don't need revenue
there even they don't even own the real
estate sister don't really mess what so
you all you have 40 acres they come in
they say we're gonna lease it for the
next two years and we're gonna dig out X
amount of dirt out of your land and when
you're done you're gonna have a bunch of
a bunch of huge ponds and you can turn
around you can sell it to us up and
create a subdivision now you get
basically have lakefront property Wow
and they go okay cool so they go and
they dig a big a big here dig here dig
here when you leave you're happy
it's just now it's a bunch of ponds so I
got I got this lakefront property I can
have a developer come in put the
the roads that I could sell it off at
that like that they're happy because
they'd be able to sell that filled dirt
yeah so everybody's happy so that's what
they do in Donovan when he graduates
high school he's and he's always been
working on like I got pictures of him on
my website inside true-crime comm so
pictures of him and his brother working
on the working on excavators working on
tractors I mean little tiny kids they're
out there so is they have uh what was
that that show the Gold Rush no show
where they have the big old railroad the
dredges yeah they've got a dredge dam
there's they're not fucking around yeah
so he's been doing this his whole life
so he comes into the business he started
he starts working the business and he
said very quickly he ends up going into
the office and the business ends up just
booming like he really takes it from
being this business that's doing well to
really doing well I forget the number
what they how much it grew after he got
in and really started they were doing
like in the millions per month you said
right right it was it was a huge amount
of money so he's making a ton of money
like I said Lamborghinis you see his
fucking house man it's a mansion all
from selling dirt from selling dirt
that's nuts
so he's doing great Damien knows him the
family's know each other Damien comes in
and says look man I'm starting this this
Forex company it's a we're doing
management we're during forex trading
and we're gonna take him can you know
you should invest I'm telling you
easiest money you ever made I can make
you a bunch of money go to the website
check it out so Donovan does officially
Donovan's dad's like look you know he
keeps hounding Donovan he's like he's
like look man he's trying to start up a
business couldn't give him some money so
Don he's alright fine he gives him like
50 grand well like a month later
Donovan's made like three or four grand
all 50 in a month he's like fuck it
gives him another 50 he goes online he
checks and he checks it out and he's
like yeah look I made the money that
money is gone bro mm-hmm that money on
what that money went straight to Damien
and to UM and to blame mm-hmm it's like
almost looks like a few thousand dollars
was actually put into any trades so he
gives another 50 grand gone gives him a
hundred grand
then he invites blent adamian to go talk
to his family donovan comes in and says
man i'm making a bunch of money I'm
getting like 7% 8% a month that's like
seventy percent a year it's like no
sorry is like 80 something eighty four
percent a year
fuckin I'm double to double my money
this is amazing yeah I might use yeah
and of course Damien say well I don't
know much about it but Blaine is a
master trader he knows everything about
it
Blaine's a hit-or-miss guy I mean it's
difficult to make money in forex so
anyway next thing you know the his aunt
and uncle put in money his uh they put
somebody who won't owe his best friend
puts in like 50 grand they put in
another somebody else puts in like a
hundred somebody else puts in fifty
somebody else next you know he's raised
like half a million dollars from his own
family so and this is you know Donovan's
yeah it's great Damon yeah I'm friend of
family so you know it's a I think it's
called an infinity uh scam where you you
go to your friends and family and they
become your first victims so they make a
bunch of money well then Donovan gets
invited to several of these uh of these
convinced uh like they're like meetings
where the people come in and try and get
investors and you sell they sell
software trading software and they sell
different they talk about different
platforms and companies calling a trade
show like a trade show but they also
kind of teach classes on it will
Blaine's there and Blaine's teaching the
classes so when Donovan gets there he's
like fuck this is the guy this is your
partner yeah man he's a master trader
well Donovan speaks with several guys
from like pfg is was the biggest forex
trading company that was out there
right the world's got billion dollars or
something outrageous so he Donovan's
they're talking with these guys and
these guys are like oh this guy's
amazing
this guy Blaine's phenomenal everybody's
could say nothing but amazing things
about Blaine how wonderful he was so
Donovan's like Wow well they keep they
keep raising money eventually they come
to him eventually they come to Donovan
and they
they listen you know at this point
Donovan's put in I think two million and
his family put in like two million
dollars so they're doing pretty good
so Damien and Blaine are doing pretty
good so they come to Donovan they go
listen man
you've helped us out so much we're gonna
give you what we're gonna give you a
third of the company for $600,000
so you give us another 600,000 we're
gonna give you a third of the company
and so he I just remember when um when
we talked when he told me that the first
time he told me that he was telling me
the story he was yes oh yes so they were
gonna give me a third of the company I
remember I go why here's what do you
mean I go why would they do that yeah
and he goes well you know cuz I'd help
them out I said right you gave him two
million dollars they're not making the
whole 2 million they're making a small
percentage on the trades yeah why would
they give you a third of the companies
well I was gonna give him $600,000 let's
get what they're doing well and they're
just gonna continue to do well and
you're already raising the money for no
for nothing for free you're already
helping them introducing them and all of
these people are making money so this
thing's gonna spread very a Ponzi scheme
doesn't need a lot of advertisement it
just spreads pretty quickly because it's
so phenomenal word-of-mouth
right so why do they need you I didn't
know I had I really knew nothing about
their about his story at this point
but instinctually I knew something's
wrong ya know hand something over for
$600,000 that to me is worth gonna be
worth hundreds of millions right and he
got heels well I I yeah I don't know I
mean I gave him the six hundred thousand
and so yeah and I was like and he goes
yeah I mean he goes it was it was a scam
and I go what do you mean he said was a
scam they they they came to him they
said give us six hundred thousand and
all you've got to do is raise money so
one I get you for six hundred thousand
more and you bring in and I bring you in
and give you an incentive to raise money
for me and so that's what he does he has
his uh his lawyer look up look through
the paper his lawyer does dude
religions checks out the whole model
checks out everything checks out both
Damien and Anne Blaine and says these
guys are amazing this guy Blaine is
phenomenal
this is a great business opportunity by
the way Blaine had been arrested several
times we're still couldn't have it he
must how do they come up with all that
paperwork and stuff in it and suffer who
the Damien in and Blaine all this
paperwork that's it
yeah he's got a shoot he said IT guy
yeah that's how he made that fake
website right we always got on the side
he's got everything there listen
it'sit's I could I can come up with a
couple of the dummy website yeah that'll
fool ya so and this guy's got a degree
so he knows what he's doing
thought it totally okay what ends up
happening is is Donovan puts in the
money he starts raising money and starts
raising a lot of money they get a big
office they've got they've got a bunch
of these this they got an office like it
it was at Naples one in a Melbourne
they've got their so they're kicking ass
they're raising money eventually this
guy by the name of Chris Roman dead he
comes in and and listen Blaine Blaine is
good
okay he's he's very good at what he does
and I'm an example that I use in here
the example is that that Blaine at one
point goes to Chicago so I'm pretty sure
Chicago so at one point Blaine goes to
Chicago and he's going to strip clubs
and he's blowing money the strip clubs
are actually outside of Chicago you have
to drive there they know I think they
they don't have any insight but anyway
so he's goes to the strip clubs he's
blowing money well one day after he gets
into a limo and the limo driver female
driver hears him bragging about how he's
blown like 20 grand or something blew
over 20 grand in the last couple nights
on strippers and she goes what do you do
for a living and he says I I own a I'm a
4x Trey
and part of a Forex company called
capital blue they came with the name
capital a that was the name of the
company capital blue why they call it
that um he thought I won I don't know
why he came up with capital blue but I
do know that he said blue BL you he
knocked the e off because he thought it
made it sound more trendy yeah yeah I
actually have that in a in a in the
thing they would they explained they
asked any get knocked the knee off that
the the e off because it sounded blue
now it's an e-cig company yeah so he he
so she hears him talking he talks to her
for five minutes
pictures are what he does she says I've
got she's I've saved twenty five
thousand dollars for my kids child for
my child's college fund she was maybe I
should give it to you something like he
is our minimum our minimum is like forty
grand or fifty grand place it was a
hundred in the story no in What did he
say it 100 with audio but the audio when
you sent me he said the minimum was a
hundred but I guess 100 no no 100% he
says yeah you write a hundred thousand
yeah he was the minimum is a hundred
thousand he said but I like you I'll
take the 25 thousand yeah that's fucked
just took her fucking
and she wears them I like a week later
she watched the money Donovan said he
was I found out about that at my
sentencing that's first time I ever
heard that of course the money just
right to blame they're not he's not
trading it so what happens is they end
up they end up there's a guy named Chris
Roman daddy he comes in who's yeah who's
he so Chris Roman daddy is a he owned I
think he owned the building that they
opened one of their offices it and he
comes in and he's an investor and he
owns a bunch of real estate he comes in
and he he meets Donovan Donovan talks to
him then Donovan arranges a meeting with
him and he and Damien and Blaine and
they all talk and have a talk and he's
dazzled and he puts a million dollars in
and he works out a deal where he gets
two percent of any money that he brings
in from friends so Roman dead he goes
out and he starts raising millions of
dollars so Donovan's raising good money
he's raising some money
Roman day he really breaks in the money
so
Roma daddy convinces them to buy a plane
so they like they end up buying like a
capital plane for capital blue yeah
there's a two million dollar citations
right so they can fly people around and
all Donovan's really doing is bringing
people out on fishing trips a matter of
fact Blaine actually tells the IRS
investigators that he thought of Donovan
more of as an employee than as a partner
he had tells him he had no experience in
forex Damien has very little experience
and Blaine's a hit-or-miss guy not he's
not brilliant he's not making a ton of
money the thing and the thing is here's
what I was asked Donovan I was like why
would they hire why would they bring you
in you don't know anything about Forex
yeah
you sell dirt for a living and he's like
right and he said well that's the whole
thing I think it was because I didn't
know anything right so you're gonna
you're gonna blindly believe anything I
tell you yeah cuz I'm an expert so if I
tell you this is how it works this is
what you go tell them when they ask that
he goes okay yeah hey rich guys and hey
we're gonna go fishing in this and this
yeah I'm making great money you see my
Ferrari or my my Lamborghini we got a
fucking plane we're making a ton of
fucking money yeah well how much money
can I lose ah like 20 per the most you
could lose is 20 percent you can lose
everything you have it's interesting
that meanwhile day me earned not Damien
Blane no Donovan Donovan Donovan is
still rich his company still making tons
of fucking money writing this whole time
right so he's not I mean that guy's more
than comfortable right he doesn't he's
thinking this is the next Google who you
guys are making a hundred percent a year
90 percent a year with what business do
you do where what I give you a hundred
thousand dollars in a year later I got
two hundred thousand how is your later
like a four hundred is Blane
compensating him in any way well he's
he's yep he is getting a salary a thelia
salary twelve to fifteen thousand
dollars a month
he's also owns the dirt business yeah
he's like all I really do is bring
people on fishing trips and and set up
seminars so he's just investing his time
in this
capital company because he thinks it's
gonna be a huge hit things gonna be huge
plus he's making money and he's still
investing money investing his own money
his own money yeah and getting family
and friends and ambassadors and
everybody to invest money in this in
this whole thing so the gap it turns out
and I that's where I actually got the
name because there's multiple documents
where they talk about the gap the gap is
the difference between what they
actually have on in the bank liquid
money right liquid money and what the
investors think they have so there's so
they're the investors think they have 25
million dollars they're trading well
they've already pissed through a couple
million dollars they've only got 19
million left or 20 million left out of
the 25 so the gap is the difference
between what they actually have and
whatever maybe what there's things that
have right yeah and that's the gap well
what happens is they are trading and
they're trading with a company one of
the trades trading companies are they're
dealing with is a company called a PFG
peregrym Financial Group and that's
owned by a guy named Russell Wilson Dorf
loosened the company's worth like a
billion dollars at this time so they're
trading through pfg well they give pfg
the money well what happens is in 2000
and 2008 there's just this catastrophic
correction in the market right because
it's you know it's coming up on the
financial crisis so the markets just up
and down well there's this huge
correction and it almost wipes them out
so pfg does a margin call hey we want
all our money you guys are doing it on
margin well guess what it's gone we need
the money so they immediately donovan
goes in Weyers of a million dollars so
he's still dumping money in he sees no
clue so they lose a huge chunk I don't
know if it's 20 30 percent I forget what
the percentage they lose just a ton of
money oh man
so they lose a ton of money and Donovan
has no clue well then there's another
correction and basically the company's
just wiped out
whatever so at this point they're not
wiped out they still have some money but
they're they're pretty well pretty beat
up so it's alright explain to me explain
this like for dummies pfg they're
spending they have let's say they had 19
million in liquid cash in the bank and
pfg is in control of that 19 million
because they're the couple they're
they're trading through them like
they're they're trading through pfg for
instance if you come to me and I'm I'm a
mortgage broker I'm I can't just lend
you the money
you know I'm going through a bank write
to a lender the broker right they're the
ones who are actually in charge of the
actual one he's the broker bank it's
like a bank no it's like a bank
OPH is adapt Atal capital blues like a
management company they're managing it
but the actual company that's buying and
selling all of it is pfg okay so yes
genie to the money they say look you you
guys told us to do this we did it you
just lost your money fuck right so
they're like they don't tell Donovan
though Donovan still has no clue he
thinks everything's cool we're okay they
don't tell him that the positions are
closing the money's gone they say that
the million dollars helped keep the
positions open and they're gonna leave
them open until the market corrects and
then they'll sell and they're fine no
big deal got it no big deal we just
bought ourselves some time no problem he
was okay cool you said a problem he's
still put money in we're good I'm going
to meet these investors next week we're
good so meanwhile Blaine knows it's
Blaine knows it's over yeah Damien now
at this point Blaine knows it's over and
Blaine starts coming up with a strategy
to start removing the money how do I
remove so I'm gonna start removing all
this as much money as I can so that I
can haul ass and when I haul ass I leave
these two holding the bag so what he
does is he and Damien end up going to
Switzerland well if they goes Slovakia
they end up driving into into
Switzerland and they go to Julius bears
bank
which is a bank that's you know it's not
like a fucking Bank of America yeah so
they have they have banks all over the
world none in the United States so so
what happens is they go there and they
meet with a guy and keep on I'm getting
all this from Blaine this is all from
his his uh Memorandum of interviews that
he gave he said oh yeah we met with this
guy at Julius bears we met with them all
day there the offshore Kings and they
told us how to open up offshore accounts
and we spent the whole day with them and
Damien opened up an account and
basically they opened up accounts he
then turned around he opened up accounts
with several other come bank s-- and he
ends up working out a deal with Wuzhen
Dorf where he sends him money and then
Wilson dwarfed wires parts of the money
he ends up selling what's called a puts
so he ends up buying or selling off
positions and he has the money wired
offshore to his own personal bank
accounts and the only reason I know that
is because when we ordered the documents
one of the documents I got back was
Blaine had opened up several offshore
accounts in the names of different
corporations one of his corporations was
called Nakano Capital Advisors so he
also opened up a bank account with the
Bank of China and I have accounts here
or I have withdrawals that were sent to
him seventy five thousand fifty thousand
nine thousand fifty six hundred dollars
thirty four thousand four thousand fifty
one thousand ten thousand one hundred
and ten thousand $4,500
I mean seventy one thousand dollars the
total is four million nine hundred
thousand dollars that was sent to
different bank accounts one of them
being the Bank of China so he's got
Julius pears in the Bank of China the
only reason I want I want to mention
that is because it becomes relevant so
what ends up happening is at some point
Damien realizes things are going wrong
he knows money's being wired that
Blaine's siphoning off money he calls
Donovan and tells
and listen I think Blaine's stealing
from us so he then goes tells Donovan
Donovan goes and they they go and they
confront Blaine and Blaine says you know
Blaine's drunk at the time and he's like
what he's like yeah he's like look
you're fired you mean we know you're
stealing money while I sit what are they
suspicious because Donna because Damien
tells he shows Donovan proof that a
hundred and fifteen thousand dollars was
wired to to Blaine's account that was
supposed to be wired to their account
hmm and he said look and he shows him
the documents
look I've got the dock here's the thing
look it was wired directly to his
account and it isn't as soon as Damien
showed Donovan proof of this they found
on 'van instantly got a true out a
moving truck went to the office and then
he got an employee to bait Blaine out of
the office for like lunch or something
yeah we have for yeah for like drinks
and so when Blaine comes back he's drunk
he's been drinking you're trying to keep
him there and he's like what are you
doing meanwhile Donovan cleaned out the
office cleaned it out closed locking up
the doors what you're done and he's like
what are you doing he's like you know
look yours you're stealing from us and
Blaine says that fuck that's it I'm on
the I'm on I'm going I'm going to
Australia but Damien's part of stealing
it too right yeah but Damien feels like
all the trades are being done from from
Blaine and he knows the whole company's
going under and he knows Blaine's
siphoning off money doesn't know how
much but he does know it it's it's
happening yeah so what do I do
I'm in this what do I do I need to step
back with you who you're innocent and
it's us against him he's the con man
Damien knows he about the other Ponzi
scheme he ran yeah
Damien's clean so you and I are clean
we're together this guy's a fucking
career criminal he's already got one
Ponzi scheme he then opened another
Ponzi scheme and he got you and I
Donovan no he didn't he got Donovan yeah
you joined the Damien relevant in yeah
and you joined the PI scheme when you
found out your fifty grand was gone you
joined up with him to try and get your
50 grand back and you you roped in
Donovan and all of his fucking family
and Roman dedi to get a bunch more
people though these guys have got
seventeen million dollars eight somehow
some of the documents say it's 18
million some say 17 I got some of it's
20 but I always go with 17 only because
it's a more conservative number and be
conservative but ultimately that's what
Donovan was held responsible for
including his own two million dollars so
you're gonna say I lost 17 million 2
million of it's mine
yeah and we're gonna send it to you on
it fuck you
so restitution that's it you got payback
yo honey
damn so did it didn't blame blame showed
up half in the bag to the office he's
like where where's my where's my file oh
yeah the file cabinet which is where a
lot of some of the documents came from
because at the at the time he was
already involved in some legal shit
right oh yeah he was trying to pay he
was paying back his original victims he
was his first his original Ponzi scheme
victims he's paying them back because
eventually he got indicted I mean not
indicted eventually the US Attorney
eventually US Attorney a guy by the name
of a hand burg in Orlando contacts
Blaine Blaine gets a lawyer brings them
in and says listen you've got these
investors you owe him like half a
million a million dollars whatever it is
you have to you know I'm going to indict
you it's called pretrial intervention
mm-hmm I'm gonna give you an opportunity
to make good if you can pay them back
and fix it I won't indict you Blaine
convinces Hamburg I can pay them back
but you have to let me keep working in
the in same industry that allowed me to
fleece them to begin with let me set up
another Ponzi scheme okay let me them
back Wow and they'd let him and he
convinced anybody that that's how I mean
that's that's a testament to how slick
he is fuck dude so Han Berg says okay
I'll let you go let me tell you
hamburg's pretty slick Hamburg do you
know that the pulse shooting or the
posting the guy was nightclub in our
land of all that the homosexuals and
yeah right so I kill them all right
remember how they ended up arresting his
the the Paul shooters wife and she goes
to trial
Paul shooters dead okay so who do we
well he's dead fuck we need to put
somebody on trial let's go ahead and
let's grab his wife hmm
so they indict her they're saying she
knows about it she no way she couldn't
have known she had to know she was in
the car when he drove by the place it
was staking it out she this is she
saying I don't fucking know nothing
you're crazy
so they put her on trial he loses so
hamburgers like he's just off the chain
you're arresting people to have nothing
to fuckin do with nothing and putting
them on trial and you lose Wow Ward he's
he's yeah so anyway so what happens is
he comes in and Blaine ends up starting
another Ponzi scheme steals the money
pays that some of those victims back and
then this happens and then he takes off
to Australia this is right after ride
the horse Ivan came in and cleared out
the office because they found out he
stole 150 grand right so 115 I think
he's on the next flight to Australia
Australia jumps on the plane to
Australia goes straight to Australia he
stays there a week so he goes what cuz
they're calling the cops and blowing the
whole scene up yeah I Donovan's gonna
call the US Attorney is calling I'm
calling the fucking us calling the feds
fuck it nerves I'm out this guy's like
I'm done he jumps on a plane and fucking
goes straight to Australia the thing is
he goes to Australia he goes to
Australia then he goes to I think it's
Singapore those are the Philippines
yeah yeah yeah he flies into the
Philippines he goes I'll show you her
stay there for like a week or 10 day
whatever then he goes to the Philippines
and from the Philippines he goes to
Hongkong just so happens that Julius
bears Bank there's a in the in the
financial there the banking district
financial district of Hong Kong there's
a Julius bears Bank and the Bank of
China so he goes there he's there for
like a couple of days a few days
goes there hangs out and then flies back
to Australia so if you're in Australia
why would you go straight to where
there's two of the major banks that
you've been sending money to get money
there's pulling money out huh pulling
the money out you know that's key
securing the money shifting it to a
different account doing something now
here's the here's the other thing what
you got to realize too is this if you're
an American citizen and I open up a bank
account with Julie spares Bank don't
they have to tell the US government that
I have a bank account there it's a good
question they do technically they do
they have to they don't have they don't
don't have to tell you how much money is
there but we will tell you he what are
your citizens has a bank here okay so
they're supposed to report that right
right unless your wife happens to be
Filipino and she's not a US citizen and
she can open it up the bank account for
you now his wife is has a propensity for
fraud because she's she's been indicted
for fraud yeah she's actually used her
mother's information to commit fraud in
the United States got a loan for eight
hundred fifty thousand dollars that they
couldn't pay so the point is is that the
wife's so the idea that he could open up
a bunch of bank accounts that he has
control over using a non-citizen
is is very doable there's no reason for
him to go to Hong Kong
I mean as a young guy could see going
one to go to Hong Kong for a few days
but yeah but and actually remember I
told you I met a couple of guys in
Coleman that knew Blaine that had been
locked up with Blaine yeah one of the
things I say in the story it's funny
because I'm like look I think this is
why he went here for it cuz of the banks
it's the only thing that makes sense but
that both the guys told me a story they
said he went there they said he had
business there never really said what it
was but they did say that he ended up he
told both of them that he ended up
banging a couple of strippers or call
girls or something he was all night like
three it's like three fucking chicks
brings him back to his place he's like a
really nice hotel and he's he's banging
him all night long
so bad that he almost misses his flight
in the morning he passes out wakes up
late fuckin races there almost misses a
flight they both told me the same thing
those are the same two guys that when I
said what's he like and they both went
you know he's like you I was like right
now I'm he's likeable he's funny he's
nice you can you trust him though I
really looked at me like no you would
give him yourself so anyway so yeah
that's that's what happens with with
that what are we doing here
okay so didn't you say that at one point
Donovan or Damien called him and went
and one of the hookers answered the
phone say go was that your wife oh yeah
that was when he was in that's when he's
when in Switzerland oh okay he Donovan
called and this uh a hooker answered the
phone and he goes is that Melanie
because that's his wife's name is that
Melanie he's like fuck no just some
hooker bro he's like and Donovan I
remember Donovan said I knew right then
something was up because Donovan said my
dad told me one time that a man that
will cheat on his wife will have no
problem at all fucking you over hears if
you cheat on the woman you love you got
no problem fucking over some guy that my
business partner a business partner
Donovan said to me he goes I just didn't
think I would be that guy yeah you know
so cuz he like Blane
hate to see it you know he's like he was
super likable you just trusted him yeah
so what ends up happening is Blaine ends
up what nothing I just I'm just laughing
about how it relates to you how it's
just like how it rotted him in the you
it's is it's so funny cuz of the you you
like you want to like you I want to
trust you you can be fucking me so how
are hard right now I'm a nice guy I mean
you're untrustworthy yeah mmm-hmm so I'm
just not with my paycheck so listen I'm
I'm good for all that money I'm working
on it right now so the point is is that
he's now back in Australia
he's probably secured his his funds he's
good well
the government come or Donovan goes to
the US Attorney and says this whole
thing is a fraud it's a Ponzi scheme
this I think that Blaine took off with a
bunch of money now Donovan doesn't know
all of this yet but he does know that
some money has been diverted
he doesn't know to what extent right he
also thinks a portion of the money
Blaine saying Blaine and Damien are
saying all the money was left was lost
in psg Donovan's looking at the
documents and saying I don't think so we
didn't have all the money npf jeez
there's still several million dollars
left
now of course everything's been closed
up the government comes in and shuts
everything off Donovan doesn't have
access to it so he goes to Hamburg and
he explains look this guy Blaine blah
blah he's like look I know all about
Blaine so what do you mean he's like he
explains about the first Ponzi scheme
it's like well if you fucking knew about
him then once you let him keep doing it
for ya why did you let him and so
Hamburg is the US Attorney US attorney
in Orlando so Hamburg gets upset with
Donovan and tells him and his lawyer to
get out we're done
so then Donovan the CFC FTC comes in
which is a governing body they come in
and they sue for the trades and the loss
of the money and the mishandling of all
the funds and they sue Donovan and they
sue Damien they sue capital Baloo they
sue Blaine of course Blaine's in
Australia yeah so they go they go to the
they go to the trial
Donovan never testifies Damien testifies
during that testimony Donovan realized
finds out that his initial this is when
he finds out that basically his initial
investment was never traded it's just
spent here spent here so he's like okay
the first the 50th and the other 50 then
the hundred then 100 then the dist and
then that then my parents went that all
of us going all over the place because
they had the documents so this is the
first time he realizes this is all
bullshit and Damien's definitely in on
it but he doesn't he said but I don't
really say anything at that point I
still keep saying yeah yeah it's
Blaine's fall explain fall so he ends up
going to Damien one day and they're
going over all the stuff because they
think they're gonna be indicted so
they're looking over all the documents
and Donovan says look
you know we need to get all this stuff
correct and Damien goes what if we find
some documents that show that Blaine is
solely responsible and he goes some
email yes some emails and goes you have
those why didn't you give them to the
fucking to the lawyers and he says no I
don't I haven't found them yet he said
but what if we find it he does air
quotes
you know and he goes what are you
talking about he's like we'd be fine you
mean like make he's like yeah what if we
make it he goes oh no no I don't want
anything to do with that he gets up and
leaves
he calls his lawyer and he says look
Damien's talking about faking emails you
got a call the call the feds so it calls
Hamburg they talk they end up hooking up
with I think it's a might be a Secret
Service agent they're gonna wire him up
mm-hmm
well something happens and they decide
not to like they're like we're not gonna
wire you up and have you get get get in
get information on Damien
so instead Donovan takes it upon himself
and he he I think he uses his cell phone
and he wires himself up and he goes back
a couple days later he says hey and he
starts talking to him about remember
that time with the last time I was here
and you you said talked you talked about
finding some emails and he's like he's
like yeah yeah yeah that was stupid that
was stupid like well what were you
talking about so he gets him to
basically start talking about well I'm
saying like if we like made me made some
emails he's like but I'm not gonna do
that I'm gonna do that he's like he's
like he starts talking about possibly
taking a plea and helping the government
he's like okay well how can I help them
I don't know anything so I can't help
them with uh with the case against
Blaine because I don't know what Blaine
was doing so what am I gonna say and so
Damien's like yeah but you know if you
just help them he's like what am I going
to say like make something up he's like
yeah if you say it doesn't have to be
true keep mine I've got all the fucking
poor all the the transcripts Donovan had
all this transcribed
so it talked and it's this is Damien
talking about lying for the benefit of
the government he says it on there all
we've got to do is give them information
or tell them what they want to hear to
help them with their case and we can get
we can get our reduced sentence and we
barely have to do any time that kind of
thing mm-hmm Donna because I'm not gonna
do anything like that I didn't do
anything wrong so what ends up happening
is uh is eventually Damien takes a plea
and tells Donovan sends him this email
right here which says can't talk anymore
you've been recording our conversations
that was a copy the screen I did find
out that's the whole thing Hamburg told
him had to tell him you know they're
using they're using text message
screenshots yeah well this is well this
is the screenshot that would he sent him
I can't talk to you anymore right so
Damien sent him this text saying hey I
can't talk to you right well the only
way to know that Donovan said the only
way for him know that is the US
government a couple days after this he
takes a plea Damien technically so the
government told him this guy's recording
you the government had to they're the
only one that knew because Donovan's
taking the recordings telling his lawyer
his lawyers than sending him to the
Secret Service and the US Attorney US
attorney then tells him stop talking to
this guy is recording you wholly he's
recording you saying you're gonna
manufacture emails yeah and that you're
gonna lie for us to help convict these
guys damn so that's the email a cinema
and I mean I got fucking tons of this
shit oh yeah so he's Donovan's tried to
explain the whole thing right Hamburg
doesn't believe him I don't believe you
he thinks Donovan's adamant in on it
so Donovan says this guy will not
believe me and he's using this guy who's
talking about manufacturing evidence to
try and convict me he may indict me I'm
worried I know what'll convince him I'm
gonna go to an FBI an FBI expert that
does polygraphs and I'm gonna have him
polygraphed me so Donovan has himself
polygraphed
about whether he was a part of that
fucking Ponzi scheme or not and the plot
this is an FBI pop-up where they call
him Polly ographers or some fucking hog
refers really that sounds good let's go
with that let's do it okay it says I
evaluated this examination as not
indicative of deception hmm there's not
he's not he didn't deceive anybody he's
not lying anything right this is your
own this is the same same this is the
same guy that the FBI uses so Hamburg
and Deitz Donovan and then Blaine at
some point flies so this is funny this
isn't funny suicide was bad sense of
humor it's not funny oh it's probably
funny it's it's that Donovan said he's
like on a fucking excavator or something
right and he gets a phone call from a
guy who's a programmer in in Canada
turns out Blaine flew to Canada and when
he he flew to Canada he started another
company another Ponzi scheme he starts
another Ponzi scheme and Buckett needs
money I don't think so I think it's just
what he did listen when I had a few
million dollars and I was on the run and
I've got let's go to Vegas and find some
homeless people and let's just say it's
good it's what I do I have to do
something I'm good at it I enjoy it
there's a rush in and I'm sure there's
it's fun it's not that difficult once
you start doing it right
you keep upping the ante it's good it's
good it's good so I'm gonna keep doing
it yeah so what is Blaine do even if
he's got a few million dollars fuck it
I'm gonna go open another place and get
some more money right why wouldn't I so
you gotta do something
yeah so he opens up a GM capital goes to
Canada and he gets this guy how much did
you get this guy for oh is it over half
a million bucks yeah so the guy ends up
getting a mortgage on his house pulling
out over half a million dollars and
gives it to Blaine and so the guy called
Donovan on the phone told him what
happened asked him do you know who this
guy is I found this website I found your
name I found
Donovan's like yeah the guy fucking
ripped me off - he ripped a bunch of
people off he's probably gonna get me
fucking indicted and so Donovan's like
so there's probably more people in that
Ponzi scheme I met I got one guy tracked
me down how many other guys are out
there in Canada so that's a third Ponzi
scheme
so Blaine is flying all over the country
right under the country the world he's a
big shot he happens to comp fly into
Houston right he flies into Houston E's
popping in gonna leave just going to
visit the wife
so hey babe I'm gonna come to a pop in
see how you're doing I've been Australia
welfare check the Secret Service almost
caught him like a month earlier they
caught him on they almost caught him on
June 1st he was supposed to fly in they
found out about it for some reason he
just stopped he didn't show up change
his plans with any flies in like a month
it's a month later and on July 18th 2010
he flies in and when he's going through
customs his his passport you know hits
an alert and they come and they grab him
they arrest him and and they bring him
to US Marshals hold over and he they
won't give him bond I don't know why so
oh yeah I met I forgot about the part
where he was in in Perth Australia and
they the processor process service
coming he thinks he's being arrested
that's hilarious because I have the
whole thing we're like tanning by the
pool Danny elevator they come drinking a
margarita they asked what his name is
and he's like David they're like okay
well day and they're there looking at
him like well the picture like plaintiff
isn't so he keeps lying a lying lying
eventually he pushes the button for his
dad his dad's voice is like yeah you
know what's up he's like dad they got me
so kids up he's just being served papers
but then eventually he flies in to
Houston and he gets grabbed by the
Secret Service so now he's arrested so
so that's that so where he's arrested
where
Damien and Donovan at this point yeah
they've been indicted and the government
has a star witness which was the
bookkeeper at Capitol blue oh yeah
Beth Courtney so Beth says that she was
being given numbers by Blaine and Damien
was asking her to change the numbers and
she says Donovan knew about it it's
never really Donovan says it's it's just
her word saying that she says that here
I did not know about it
she says no no that he was a part of a
phone call one time where she spoke to
him he was in the room one time he knew
about it like never really said that he
she had a conversation but he was
definitely there yeah Donovan said if I
was in the room at all and they were
talking about the gap I wouldn't have
necessarily known what they were talking
about because he thought the gap was an
industry term which he thought the gap
that was the difference between what the
liquidation cost or price was and what
the actual what the actual contracts are
something or he said he thought it was
an industry term because I didn't really
know enough about it yeah so he said I
kind of stayed out of he's like so I
don't he was I don't know what she's
talking about
she says it's clearly he knew so you
know good for Donovan's not good for
Donovan because basically without her
you say that I don't know I I do know
that she is related to Chris Roman Danny
Chris Roman dead attorney stone
the guy that dumped a million of his own
money and got a bunch of buddies to dump
it the guy that raised the bulk of the
17 million that's now missing Roman
daddy hates Donovan's guts he's furious
he still loves Blaine thinks Blaine's
amazing doesn't with Blaine and and
Damian can't stand Donovan I'm not sure
cuz Donovan brought him in thought I've
been brought him in I think thought have
been probably knew probably thinks
Donovan knows about it I think he thinks
Donovan probably didn't know anything at
this point I don't think he Roman dedi I
don't know what Roman anything I'm good
I know he's related to Beth so here's
the other here's the other thing what's
interesting so we've got a little pond
scheme which is I probably lost half the
viewers so far you got you got a little
Ponzi scheme I'm gonna wrap it up here
here this is a short podcast yes this is
we're like halfway only 40 minutes in we
don't have to do this to eat after this
I had an I had a small omelet at a 520
calorie I'm lit out your calories it
says it right yeah really bro I'm look
at it why don't L look I'm fucking
amazing
are you are you keto I don't know what
all right he's cute okay keep going
um okay so I don't want to say some
stuff right now
anyway no the point is listen do you
remember pfg yes I remember trading
under PFT PFT who is the guy who was the
CEO opieop she again loosened or
loosened or Russell loosened or right
okay so we've got all our money a bunch
of mutton on Oliver oh we've got a bunch
of money in pfg and they do a margin
call and it wipes us out yeah well pfg
was a Ponzi scheme what it was a two
three or four hundred million dollar
Ponzi scheme is one of the largest Ponzi
schemes for at one large it was the
largest forex Ponzi scheme ever gotta be
yeah for that much money so they didn't
trade a fucking thing
Russell Wilson Dorf didn't trade us own
a millions he know this no no Blaine is
doing side deals with them the truth is
he's thinking he's convincing like a
legitimate guy to help fuckin siphon
money and do that no he's not this guy's
a crook so it is like the Russian
dollars got played the Russians playing
everybody like that comparison I love
inter pares it's the little Ponzi scheme
and the bigger Ponzi scheme and then the
huge Ponzi scheme on top of this is
three Ponzi schemes one on top of just
living in the bowels of the bigger Ponzi
house right in prison no sir no
thesaurus came up with balls okay so
that's completely untrue I did have a
thesaurus but I didn't have spellcheck
or anything so listen okay so Wars and
dwarf here's the problem with losing
dwarf rosendorf has been running a pot
how do you
run like a fucking half a billion dollar
ponzi scheme for is it 20 years he's
been doing it it's a little bit sharper
than Blaine it'll sharpen them Blaine
here's how he does just doing the same
thing just yeah so he's ripping off
businesses other businesses he's ripping
off in shawnzy schemes not just you know
friends with money yeah he's ripping off
people like like a capital blue right
he's like a made of right so exactly so
what happens is and where we're I'm
sorry but where was it where was pfg
located where was they where were they
based out of Chicago
Chicago right I feel like so many Ponzi
schemes were in Florida Florida filled
with a lot of criminals like I'm at a
ton of like like the financial criminals
yeah we're in the vitality story a total
mint yeah where he's raising all the
money he said listen he'll you go to
Palm Beach area and he said man he said
it's fucking inundate he said everybody
you meet the fucking is a scam artist so
many stories I've heard of Ponzi schemes
getting busted and during the financial
crisis in 2008 yeah and how are they
wrought Florida like but they're running
forever so you're running five years
you're like yeah everything's great and
then the economy takes a huge correction
and you go and it just destroys your
whole fucking thing you could go forever
how long yeah right what if they're like
look Madoff it had Madoff could have
gone forever he'd gone for like fucking
15 or 20 years I know guys that have
gone fucking 10 15 years on Ponzi
schemes and had in that one correction
they don't fucking account for that and
then everybody says oh I'm scared give
me my money back there long write about
that money my bad so all right so
loosened or fear so likable here's the
boobs
I feel bad so listen here's what was the
Dorf does he's all the money he's
trading is through US Bank so all them
all his accounts were US bank accounts
they're there handling everything this
is nothing by the way he's not trading
anything he's just stealing the money
he's blown 200 million here he's lost
just tons of money uh over
200 million was gone including capital
ooh money six million I mean this guy
nearly half a billion dollars had flowed
through the FG gone so here's the
problem he's going to keep going he
could just keep going and going
the problem is is that the CFTC changes
their reporting status he he had
reported to pfg all the paperwork that
comes into the bank that has to be
filled out by bank officials was all
going to a p.o box he had opened in the
name of US bank so the CFTC is mailing
these reports to his to his P o box he's
filling them out and sending them back
yeah now they're gonna do it
electronically directly to the bank so
they're not gonna be fooled by the P o
box so he realizes it's over in like a
couple of days they're gonna report and
they're gonna know that I'm supposed to
have 300 million dollars in the bank and
I've actually only got six million it's
over I'm done so he does what any good
Ponzi scheme person should do he gets a
car and he gets a home got a touch and
he come he tries to commit suicide oh
should do should do oh he gets the hose
and he puts it in and he does the thing
and he puts it in the pipe and he duct
tapes it up and he cuts a little slit
you know the only part that bothers me
about his his uh his suicide attempt is
that he's driving uh he's driving like a
Chevy Cavalier or something I mean
nobody deserves to die in a Chevy cap I
mean you've got six million dollars you
know Bentley maybe had some sort of
sentimental value to him it's just
ridiculous yeah that's true that maybe
it was maybe it was his first car or
something yeah shit I'm good if I'm
doing that it's going to be inside so he
takes a handful of pills
he drinks down some liquor he writes a
letter explaining that he hasn't made
any trades all the money's gone
everything please a front thing starts
the car freeze it anyway to die yeah
fucking he's hardcore bro he's going out
and and it would have worked out I
wouldn't call that hardcore well he's
not taking a gun in his in his head I
wrote one story about a guy that took a
gun and stuck it in his head and pulled
the trigger and it didn't kill him then
locked him up blew through his fucking
eye cavities and so now he's blind
laying there on the ground pleased to
find the gun club now he's got to find
the fucking gun and shoot himself again
he killed himself the second time back
to wound or rosendorf would have killed
himself except one of his employees
really enjoyed his job and he showed up
about an hour early and found his boss
in the back parking lot in a stuff
passed out and he goes he opens the door
and calls hey you might want to come get
that shit fucked up company's a little
fucked up and maybe they do ties he'll
the owner the company's at a fucking
cavalier so so he killed his buzz yep so
he wakes up in the hospital yeah he's
got his worst nightmare worst case
scenario I think looks up and wakes up
in the hospital handcuffed to the bed
yeah yeah they gave him a chunk of time
and you just snitched yourself out in a
letter on top of it oh okay so Wilson
Doris already like 70 by the way they
gave him Oh he'd been running a Ponzi
scheme for 20 years
pfg was a 20-year pawn he was 50 not too
bad it was three hundred and seventy-six
million dollars it was late for you
thirteen hundred ambassadors he blown
through 115 million shit what did they
end up giving him damn it they gave him
like a chunk of time wasn't doable for a
guy who was like 65 or 70 anyway so he's
dying in jail so uh what else happens
Blaine's in prison oh yeah the trial
Donovan goes it goes to trial I'd like
to point out that you've been no help at
all
what was the fucking guys I'm doing my
job I'm shutting up I read a few
comments they went a whole podcast
episode about your hair oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah they do they want to hold
interview
paragraphs okay I need one more I need
one more hair graph I think I know I'm
sorry you told me with that one I can
usually tell if people got fucked up
hair implants but yours I couldn't
honestly could not tell I'm starting to
get a little I'm not an expert
paragraphs but I mean I I need some
money together three surgeries I had one
Serge I mean I had two surgeries I
needed one more surgery and it would be
a hundred percent coverage so it's still
Casteneda it's then when's the last time
you got an h1 oh it was like six months
six eight months before I got before I
got scratch
I'm motherfucker that shit held up
strong I I don't take it I don't take
them you're supposed take medication so
your hair stops falling out or that
motherfucker did a damn good job yeah
you want to shout him out I don't know
when I'll give him my Sosh for a hair
graph actually gotten in an argument
with date with the surgeon before he did
it oh my god about what okay because a
male hairline it goes to a point right
it it recedes into like a corner a V
right and I said listen I want you to
round it at the edge at the edges of
rounded slightly and he goes well that's
not how a hairline is and I went yeah I
know I understand but I see these guys
that have it and it doesn't look right
he's like yeah but that's naturally how
it goes I go
yeah I know but it I think I feel like
it looks better if you round it slightly
yeah I guess just we're talking about a
little tiny thing he's like that's not
really how it's supposed to go I said
well I understand how it's not supposed
to go in but I'm suppose I go but I'm
supposed to be bald right now too
I'm giving you money that's right I said
so just can you do it and he goes I mean
if you wanted to not look natural and I
went yeah I wanted to not look natural
so can you do it so he's like well I
don't so we start bickering my
girlfriend was there at the time and
she's like hey hey hey hey hey I'm like
dude did you have to go unconscious for
that no they give you a valium and you
basically fall asleep so just put
headphones in yeah they got like three
girls who are cutting up the little shit
oh it's a whole fucking thing and so you
basically fall asleep and then they just
they do it for like four hours like
where does the hair come from cut
the back your head oh they take the hair
out of there and put it up front yeah
they take a swath in there like like it
looks like a popsicle stick to actually
cut you pull it off it shit down and
valium ain't gonna do it for all I'm not
going up here you can't feel nothing oh
fuck
listen listen it was painful it was
painful I mean you know yeah bad not as
painful as being bald do you want to go
in for a third touch-up fuck yeah how
much is that shit cost it was seven
grand each circle they say plastic
surgery team that way out of my butt but
it's okay cuz it was Bank of America's
money really that's some of the best
buddies money will sack the nose job the
fucking listen
I mean I'm fucking is it sure the
plastic surgeries like once you pop you
can't stop you just get addicted to keep
going oh I would like I'd love to go
back like if you gave me 50 grand right
now 15 or 20 of us going into plastic
what are you doing what's the first
thing you do good yeah I want I want
fucking the gold on we have them but
they're kind of there they're coming out
there I mean you need some no this is my
opportunity to interject okay I want
everyone watching this to go to
patreon.com/scishow books and all kinds
of stuff you can go pay him and support
his his livelihood here to write these
stories so this guy can go get the
fucking AB reduction again some more
hair work done and what else did he done
you know I would probably like to go in
again and do like another with a cool
necklace yeah I feel like it I just yeah
I'm feeling the whole I don't I'm not
it's not good
Danny means bunion surgery yeah bunions
sir I got I got like you ever seen
LeBron James his feet you know I
actually have a photo of his feet no I
never see him I got his feet okay
all right a tree on Comstock way off
yeah bro this you know what I need I
need all these guys are fucking like you
got to do a podcast you got to do a pot
oh I need some subscribers yeah you
fucking subscribers thousands I got
sixty five hundred maybe they are
sixty-five hundred subscribers I need
like fucking fifty thousand subscribers
yeah for it to be worth it otherwise I'm
just not sure ask for nothing
fifty thousand upon let's get Matt to
fifty thousand subscribers can we do it
sounds like a lot but yeah yeah what
that's reasonable we can do it tell a
friend let's do it just tell a friend
just share it with a friend send an
email send a text whatever you got to do
we're getting Donovan listen you these
Ponzi guys like I remember I remember
talking to my tally one time and I was
like I don't understand you did this in
your own fucking name he's like yeah
yeah well you know he's like cuz when it
when it falls apart when this happens it
happens he cuz you know the problem you
see when if it if it goes wrong he is I
mean he was look nine out of ten of
these things go wrong do you invest a
bunch of money into this business and it
goes under nine out of ten go business
you go so you don't really realize you
got taken and I went you have it use and
these are legitimate businesses they
don't have much of a chance but you
don't know that as an investor he
doesn't I don't know that maybe it will
work I don't know I go yeah but if
you're gonna do that why wouldn't you
just set the company up set it up so it
really looks like it's gonna take off
use fabricate the entire thing and then
just go in as using a false identity
I said you set up the bank accounts and
false identities you you don't put any
of the money into the fucking thing and
you take the whole five or ten million
dollars and you disappear you don't take
a million and you might end up in prison
you take fucking ten million and when
they come looking they're looking for
somebody else right that's what you do
and he's like but don't take my word for
it I'm in here for fucking 26 years so
but yeah a lot of these guys they get
jammed up by doing a little something
fucked up and they're like yeah that's
okay it's just a little bit it won't
look there's no there's no difference
between a little fucked up and straight
fraud movies all night like in a hundred
thousand it's got a feeling good or
something maybe they
they yeah they think I'll get away with
me maybe it'll work out he hopes not a
strategy him
so anyway alright so loudly didn't look
good I think I think the last time we
left off was Blaine got arrested and
Donovan and Dom and Donovan and Damien
Damien diamond yet Donovan is going to
trial they're gonna get to indited he's
going to trial right
Blaine's gonna testify Damien's gonna
testify so he's got these two guys are
now did I say Donovan knows they're
saying Donovan know it all have been
absolutely no motherfucker keep mine in
clay he says he knows they both know
that to get my sentence reduced if I
help the government right and they get a
conviction I don't get as much time yeah
I was gonna get 10 years I might get
three or so they throw them right under
the bus fucking motherfuckers and the
government is is ready to do this now at
this point Hamburg has declined to
prosecute he says I'm not gonna
prosecute them prosecuted Donovan I'm
not gonna prosecute the capital Bleu at
all if anybody involved and not gonna
lie not going to indict him well I'm
gonna get to that I that's uh glad you
asked that because I actually have a
pretty good idea of why so he says he
says I'm not going to but what happens
is the district DC comes in the DC
attorneys come in and they take over the
case so the US Attorney's Office in in
the District of Columbia comes in and
they take over the case and they decide
to prosecute so that attorney come that
that US Attorney's they come in they
indict everybody and they're going to
trial
so now Donovan's going to trial the
judge is Oh Oh didn't I tell you this
this is one of my favorite parts when
the whole company gets liquidated like
they come in here they give it to a
receiver your receiver is it's a guy
that comes in he looks through all the
documents he tells you how much the
company's worth then he breaks it apart
he sells the company and he gives the
money over to the government
okay whatever money he could scrounge he
gives it to the government
exactly because of course there's very
little money and in this case in
particular the guy is the judge which is
a judge by the name of an tune ends up
handing it over to this receiver and the
receiver the receiver ends up stealing
the last 3.5 million dollars of KY
receiver deceiver steals the money what
sells off everything you receive boys
the evidence so the FBI comes in a few
months after the receiver takes over
everything and the FBI comes in they
raid the receiver and they and they
arrest him he turns out what this dude
just decides I mean take this case the
money I don't know he's been doing
laughing millions and millions so I
forget what they have 10 or 20 million I
have the the amount isn't is in here
like he ends up getting 10 years so one
of the thieves one of the things that
happened was something's fishy about
Hamburg too you know
I'm glad you feel you're gonna like
weird no no what that guy so what
happens is what happens is they hand off
so when the receiver gets all the stuff
yeah one of the things he gets is that
the servers which had a server which has
all of the hard drives in him right
engine and shit it's a hard drive he
destroys them so they're destroyed so
remember the emails that Damian had
talked about fabricating yeah how do you
authenticate emails you judge them on
the server servers yeah the hard drives
they're gone they're destroyed so at
this point the government in Deitz
everybody and they go to trial
Donavan of course says I'm not pleading
guilty yeah I haven't done a fucking
thing wrong and Damian he says I got
recordings and everything else that says
that Damian was talking about
fabricating emails so of course I want
to authenticate those where's uh where's
all the documents the government says we
don't have any documents they were all
part of the servers and the servers have
been destroyed and so he turns around he
says
okay wall well he gives them his his
laptop here's my laptop you can try and
find him on that okay we'll take your
laptop then he says what about Damien's
computers Damien had computers Damien
sold him his computers on like eBay
he so they can't find those I think they
track them down eventually and then they
say like there's nothing on them or they
look though they were giving back to the
receiver tracked him down or something
they're gone so Donovan goes to trial so
none of those voice recordings are there
anymore
none of the voice work he has the voice
recorder but he can't present the voice
recordings his lawyer says no it's
illegal for you to record people with it
makes you look bad no we don't need it
anyway his lawyer presents a defense
that is absolutely ridiculous
his lawyer presents a defense that says
all of your investors signed documents
that said that they were aware that they
could lose all of their investment
therefore you're not guilty because they
lost so much cuz they lost their money
and they stopped they knew that was the
risk right listen it's it's a legal
argument that is meritless and there's
nothing that supports it there's no case
law that helps it is absurd and I think
it costs Donovan half a million dollars
for his defense something along those
lines for the most fucking horrible
defense possible and the lawyer ever
just botched it one fucking thing after
another he botches Wow so do you think
that he should have let him present that
what the accordingly yeah horse yeah
I'll take the hit charge me what are you
me with all you illegally recorded
something okay great so charge me with
that I'll take the the six months
probation the prison damien talking
about fabricating trails right I know it
looks bad plus the the government might
not the the judge will probably won't
allow it because it's illegal we can't
use it
whatever yeah so doc but Donovan's
convinced that he hasn't done anything
wrong it's gonna be fine
we're gonna authenticate then he finds
out that the servers are gone then they
go to he goes to the government they
asked for the did you
is there anything can you find the
computers can't find it they go he was
ok
what about my laptop we you never gave
us a laptop
no nobody in laptop mm-hmm we don't know
about how we're know where any servers
are we don't know shit we don't know
nothing everything was gone the cert the
the the receiver destroyed everything he
must have been with him even so there's
just they're just covering and covering
and covering so he ends up going to
trial and at trial Damien gets on the
stand and Damien start saying yes the
emails prove this and the emails prove
that and Donovan saying I've never seen
this email I've never seen this email I
don't know what this email is and in the
in the oh yeah yeah this is the other
thing too so the new judges is called
the new judge is is a Carlos Mendoza so
Carlos Mendoza is a new judge this is
his very first criminal trial he's a
state judge to just become a federal
judge so he sentences Blaine Blaine goes
to trial by the way remember his first
Ponzi scheme yeah yeah well they've now
indicted him on the first one they
indict him in or land or they indict him
why he didn't pay the money back
well because he committed another crime
another oh you're deal's off yeah okay
so they indict him he goes to trial
because he's Blaine he's cocky yeah I
can convince these people I didn't do
anything he gets on the stand and he
convinced that he tells them that yes I
did get these guys money I gave it all
to this guy who's a European investor I
was working with he gave him the money
and he took off with it it's not my
fault
who luzon no no no no just he's just
making some guy the matter fact they
mock him the US Attorney mocks him
during the deliberations and they say
you they keep calling the guy the
international man of mystery blame can't
come up with one bank statement email
fucking correct name
another address nothing it's just some
random guy that you handed over and he
tells him like he handed him over cash
yeah
cash money so guys are giving you checks
you're cashing it and then they go and
they show his bank accounts money's
going into your bank account and paying
your bills so how did you I mean you
really you're looking at the fucking
jury saying this it's it's ridiculous
ten thousand went in I paid $1,100 for
my Mercedes I'm paid two thousand for my
rent I paid a thousand to my fucking
bank account it's almost done it says
thirty more minutes
so I got this I got this so that's it so
all of that money is just gone and then
he says no no I cashed it and gave the
guy cash and he took off with the money
found guilty obviously yeah so he's
found guilty so when when when men when
Mendoza before Donovan has tried with
Mendoza
um sentences Blane
he says obviously you know this is a
this is a scam obviously but and then
you did this scam and you went and
opened it up even bigger scam and you
and your co-defendants or the other
owners of capital blue committed fraud
when you did this now think about it I'm
going to trial you're sentencing one of
my co-defendants and you say on this you
say specifically I'm guilty already
right alright one else's trial right so
I'm I'm saying that Jane obviously
you're guilty you and your co-defendant
yeah he's going to trial how do you know
I'm guilty
he may be pleading guilty but I are lost
at trial and pleading Blayne of course
pleads guilty after he loses he then
comes in and pleads guilty yeah he gets
like 12 years total
so anybody agrees to testify mmm he's
been convinced that if you just testify
will reduce your sentence so what ends
up happening is Donovan goes to trial
they even talk about it in here I've
matter fact this is the one right here
where they talk about first of all they
start off the trial saying Donovan was
the original invest
and he was brought in as an investor and
he was duped into investing in the thing
and and initially he didn't know
anything then all the emails that show
that eventually he did know what was
going on they actually say here they
talk about this piece right here talks
about where they say some of the emails
couldn't be authenticated and you
actually have you actually did come up
with one computer but you can't figure
out why they're not authenticated off
that computer
they're like yeah we haven't been able
to figure that out yet but it's okay we
know they're true because Damien said
those are the emails he sent that should
have never been allowed to you should
have never allowed that you can't tell
me that I wrote the emails and I get to
authenticate them yeah yeah so if I
fabricate something I also get to
authenticate that it's true and I've
it's we and we know we've got evidence
showing that you I had intended to
fabricate it right so that's just
ridiculous
okay so hmm
do they give him a part of the company
so that he takes the fall in the end
core that's part that got to be part of
Blaine's like part of anything getting
right yeah was that clever
I've got Terry I think that I think that
he was clever enough to realize when the
whole thing was going down one they were
clever enough to come in and say we can
clip this dude for another fucking six
hundred thousand yeah lost money and
he'll take some of the fall write all of
the fucking right plus right
so plus he'll bring us in more money and
when it all comes down he's faced the
company he's the guy driving the
Lamborghinis he's the guy bringing in
all the money and flashy talk Blane
never played him like a fiddle
Blane doesn't talk to any investors god
damn he's a Roman daddy and Donovan
brought in all the money and you can say
okay well Roman daddy Roman daddy
probably didn't know anything right
Roman dad is a good guy you know he's
probably not a bad guy he probably got
all of his friends to bring him money
first of all you're making 2% on all of
your buddies Yeah right
your buddy pussy why wouldn't you bring
all your friends right right and I'll
make it two percent you know damn well
he don't tell anybody he's making 2%
hello
no he doesn't tell anybody I know that
because I'm in return you don't get to
tell him that right on the stand when
he's when he testifies he's saying I
didn't have any deal I didn't man we got
fucking text messages where his wife is
texting Damien saying you owe us
$100,000 for all the people we but
you're supposed to pay us back this
money for the Commission's right so I
mean he's just a lying sack of shit plus
of course by the way Roman daddy was
also indicted for running a boiler room
and was being investigated while this
was going on so they let him testify
knowing he's running a boiler room and
he's being investigated by the FBI and
they put him on the stand let him
fucking talk shit about Donnelly I did I
I'm completely broke he stole all my
money come on man stop it
okay so I'll remember that so they can't
authenticate the emails the servers are
gone the government the government knows
that the knows the servers go on knows
that the knows that the what the fuck's
that got the receivers destroyed them
all so in the end when they talk to keep
his lawyers brought up the fact that
these things are gone right several
times when they during closing arguments
they actually say the US Attorney
actually comes in and says listen
there's no proof that he put he starts
off by saying Donovan was the original
the US government comes in and visually
and saying Donovan was the original
investor Elliman started as an
ambassador in the end when they do their
closing arguments they say he didn't put
any money in there's not any proof that
he ever put a diamond this they also say
and there's no proof that anybody took
any servers or anything the only person
that we believe took a serf took the
servers and destroy them is Donovan and
they say all that in the end so they've
completely shifted even throughout the
trial completely against against him and
this is my Roman daddy thing where Roman
debt ii actually gets on the stand and
says that talks about how Donovan how
he's lost all of his money and Donovan
could they they completely
dukedom and Donovan has just destroyed
his life while he's running his boiler
room a pump and dump scheme boiler room
whoa and he's making millions by the way
and ripping people off left and right so
while that's happening that's what Roman
daddy's doing so Roman daddy's word
Ghanim is just surrounded by fire I mean
it's fucking amazing there's maybe
nothing houses Roman daddy's indictment
by the way here's here's some of the the
money that they were bringing in five
thousand five thousand or here's one
hundred and seventy four thousand forty
thousand twenty thousand thirty five
thousand at that point I just kind of
was like okay well clearly there's some
money there and it's a pump and dump
scheme nice right
so Donovan goes to trial Damien they put
him on the stand the jury for some
fucking reason believes him no yeah and
it's funny because minh mendoza at the
very end actually says when he's about
to just find him guilty he actually says
he is i mean for some reason because the
jury believed at least some of what he
said i mean this guy's a liar he's been
called multiple times but apparently the
jury believed him
yes what mendoza said yeah mendoza kind
of botched the whole thing he's let a
bunch of information in he's he should
have been a mistrial there's a whole
bunch of issues that have happened
during the trial
it's his first trial he's not great at
it yeah federal rules are different than
state rules whatever so he finds donovan
guilty donovan by the way had been told
by his lawyer the entire time the most
he could get was three or four years so
donovan got seventeen years including
out of the 17 million two million
dollars is his own money so they
sentence to him on two million dollars
of his own money now as soon as it's
done the government moves to seize all
of Donovan's assets but remember the
dirt company dirt company but room is
dirty companies technically owned by
family right right they go in to get all
the cars the boats they're trying to get
their play they're trying they're like
this is those it's fuckers right this is
a so the the family puts up a fight and
and they actually eventually the
government loses and they say no you
can't take all of our shit because our
son it's our son he's not he doesn't own
for everything he's part of the
company's part of our family as part of
this but it's a family right right right
so they don't end up getting getting all
that good yeah well he does own one
company but think about the P is the
company mm-hmm it's like if you own a
painting company it's like me and my
five guys well the moment I'm gone my
five guys are gone what where's the
company right so as that but as far as
they were trying to seize the assets
yeah the land the houses the cars their
plans everything now so so Damien got
off no Damien ends up getting I forget
what he get three or four years I mean I
positive I have it so you said the jury
they believed they believed in those
they believed them
they believed Damien I mean they
believed that he was he still got a
guilty verdict well yeah cuz he pled
guilty
oh he pled guilty so when he goes to get
sentenced he gets what's called a 5k one
which is yeah you're supposed to get
seven or eight years or whatever it is
but because you couldn't trust to get
ten years but you cooperated so we're
gonna give you five years instead of 10
yeah
did you cooperate so Damien ends up
getting he's in front of Carlos Mendoza
what Donovan got 17 years God what did
blame you all right Damon got 70 months
Damien gets 70 months here's what's
beautiful your love this dant Donovan
has been found guilty he's sentenced
he's now in prison are not prison he's
in the he's in the marshals the holdover
which is at the local jail
Damien when he gets sentenced they
remand him right there so he thinks he's
gonna be able to turn himself in okay he
was told he was gonna be able to turn
himself in they say now remand what does
that mean reman right right now they're
from the other room oh yeah so they take
him right then boom they come in the
fucking van start driving down
Donavan 117 years Dameon 70 months they
end up going to the same holding
facility oh shoot
they're in two different pods yeah but
here's the thing Damien on his way to
the to the prison yeah to the holy
felony he's bitching and moaning and
crying and and there's an inmate that's
in there with him called was his name
Thiago right Thiago just fucking got a
bunch of time so they're all handcuffed
up and driving there is they're
miserable they're moving this time he's
pitching and moan and he's like I can't
believe they gave me 70 months he's like
I testified he's never been in prison so
he doesn't know you're not it you don't
start talking about testifying IT guy
he's an I heard so he saw I testified
for the government I said all kinds of
shit I told him I said exactly what they
told me to say I lied about Donovan
i-i-i-i got him a conviction and they
said they were gonna let me they were
gonna give me a lot less time and they
were gonna let me self-surrender and
they fucking gave me 70 months and then
they they remanded me this is bullshit
and Thiago actually says it's probably
not a good idea that you run around
saying it he testified against I get jia
goes like a career criminal he's going
to the pen
so here's okay so he gets dropped off
they don't end up in the same cell but
they can see each other oh shit okay
they end up different pods yeah yeah so
you can sometimes a lot of times you can
see into the other pod that's got 50
guys or 75 guys you can see that guys
and so Donovan's like motherfucker so
they can see each other hmmm well while
he's in that pod he could a Mian also
complains to his cellie
I fucking testified against this guy I
lied about him I did everything the
government has Damien oh he's over there
he knows he's in the same facility we
can see each other they can see so they
both know right okay so it's not until
so he ends up saying this to like four
guys it's not until later that Donovan
finds out right so Donovan ends up one
of the guys ends up getting transferred
moved into like Donovan's unit or they
end up in the yard at the same time and
he tells Donna
and this fucking guy's saying that he
testified against you he's saying he
lied he did this he said he lied on the
stand he's like fuck now and I hope
you're thinking you're thinking Matt
come on
how do you know that so here's the
affidavit because you know me no you all
about the fucking document so here's the
answer I'd fuck him back up here's the
affidavit from Kolhapuri
I don't know how to say in Matthew
Calipari Matthew Calipari he says you
take a look yeah this is the one from
Ron grow grow cough
Ronald grow coffee same thing I did
everything the government wanted me to
say even stuff that wasn't true just to
get a conviction on Don they told me I
would get it to self-report in lots less
time you fucking piece of shit so okay
so Don Easter affidavit the I don't have
one from type Tiago okay we don't have
one from Tiago in this font because
Donovan didn't meet Thiago he doesn't
know Tiago he never saw him they were
never in the same pod that were never
even close to each other how do you know
about him I'm glad you asked thank you
so what happened he's more than a
200-pound hat rack when Donovan gets to
gets to the sit gets to on that the
prison yeah and he sees some of these
guys he's like hey you're so intelligent
what happened this is madness so Donovan
files paperwork with the court saying I
want a new trial this motherfucker
admitted that he lied on the stand
I got affidavits so this guy named Frank
I don't know it's not Amadeo stop Frank
it's another Frank Frank like I forget
his fucking name this other guy Frank
types up the affidavits and gets
everybody to sign him okay so the he
Donovan filed prisoners yeah prisoners
okay so they type it up get these get
these three guys that were also locked
up with Donovan right and they all
signed him yes I met Damien yes this is
what he says
the government why would they do shit
like this yeah why would they do that
what that's a good question why would
they just type this shit up in there and
help this guy because they felt like
because they felt like it was wrong this
guy first of all everybody hates a
snitch yeah so they they what and two
they're like you shouldn't be here so
it's like look if I'm finding out he
Donovan's in this they're like you're
not you shouldn't be so Donovan's
sitting there like I didn't fucking do
it
he tells look I've put some money in
these motherfuckers suck it when I went
to trial I fucked up I didn't realize it
fifty percent of innocent people he was
in the papers they saw him as like the
victim is like any nerdy rat right right
so I will always say I'm lucky 100
percent guilty yeah it would be torment
to be in prison and have not done
anything before I can't bitch and moan
that I'm surrounded by these fucking
dirtbag because I'm a dirtbag yeah but
if I was a clean-cut guy who done
nothing wrong I began you invested your
money I lost all my money a bunch of my
fucking family's money and I got 17
years all your friends and family right
and so people so inmates I understand
you they're all scumbags but you know
what the fact is is that they're kind of
like okay yeah but I should be here and
he shouldn't and that's wrong yeah
so what do they do he I'll sign an
affidavit course Donovan soon enough to
do sure okay so easily signs an
affidavit I'll sign it fuck it yeah so
the government then looks into it cuz he
filed with that now he wants a new trial
they're like fuck let's look into this
fucking guy saying this shit so they
send in some Secret Service and IRS
agents and they start checking it out
and they're trying to they're trying to
debunk what he's saying they're trying
to say look it's not true they go to
these guys and say look did you see this
did you say this did shit and they're
like yeah that's what I said that's what
the guy said that's my affidavit I sign
that that's what he said we testify to
that
absolutely and they're like fuck so
they're trying to figure out how do we
real make this thing go away oh he was
in he came over in the van with somebody
let's talk to that guy so they go they
track Thiago down he's in the pin he's
in the pen at Coleman yeah I think the
bulk of the guys what are they expecting
him to say well they're thinking at
least he's gonna he'll either say
nothing or he'll who knows we just works
looking for somebody that will say what
they say it's bullshit yeah
reaching for sightings they go to Tiago
they said do you remember this guy he's
like they're named Damian no they show
him a picture and he goes oh yeah I
remember that guy I called him little
dreads cuz he had like little little
dready hair and yeah yeah I remember
that guy
do you remember him saying anything yeah
remember he was saying that he had
testified I told him he shouldn't be
telling people wrong yeah yeah because
especially cuz he said he lied about his
coat of finish off he doesn't know what
they want to hear so the government
found the fourth witness yeah so here's
there's the interview with Thiago this
is the interview of the government comes
and then they interview everybody they
all say the same fucking thing
yeah the government says the same thing
that all these guys say the same thing
to the government okay remember Damien
yeah okay so I'm sorry Blayne so Blaine
have you ever talked to a Himalayan
pissed off because Blaine was never
allowed to testify they bring him back
and sit him in the back cell but they
never let him testify they don't let him
testify because he's not gonna say the
same thing that Damien's gonna say yeah
it's gonna be different so we can't have
him we only need Damien Damien will
authenticate the emails Damien will you
know so we're not gonna convict Donovan
huh two convicted honorable right he's
not gonna say the exact same thing he
still got ready to say it but they
haven't been been able to connect to get
their story straight
there's a deviation in the stories so
they don't let him testify and then they
don't reduce his sentence they'd live
innocence they told Blaine they would
reduce his sentence so Blaine writes
this angry fucking letter talking about
how what Damien said was a lie and they
didn't put him on the stand because he
wasn't gonna verify the same thing that
Damien did he writes this letter the US
attorney and Donovan gets a copy of the
letter okay so how did Donovan get a
copy they see everybody just writes
letters to get a copy of that everybody
well a lot of its Freedom of Information
Act man got the copy no no no Donovan
got that I get this like this this is
what I got okay
it's funny because people like Donovan
they're so fucking overwhelmed and
obsessed with this shit it's all I mean
plus it's I get it if you if you have
this crazy thing like this lawsuit
against you it's like you're doing your
with every fiber of your
you are trying to fight it and find
every scrap of evidence but on top of
that they're imprison him nothing else
to do right so I guess it's not really a
lot to find something well no I was
gonna say a prior to that think about it
prior to that you're still trying to
live your fucking life yeah so officers
I'll live my life pay the lawyers and go
to the lawyer said the lawyers are the
Li the little the least amount of work
they do on your case the better more
money they make yeah
so I'm busting my ass that much so his
lawyer didn't seem to do that good no he
didn't do okay so okay so Donovan puts
in the motion remember he says look I
got all these fucking things Your Honor
I've got this the government even went
and found this this is the this I need a
new trial look it's true it's true so
Donovan puts in all that so this is the
summary where he explains about about
roof off and I don't know these got a
stir and all these fucking guys that's
all this yeah that's that that's that
document so Mendoza looks at that reads
through it and denies it immediately
immediately
here's his reason why he denies it he
says the entire scheme was thought up by
Frank Amadeo what see he knows who Frank
Amadeo all the judges know who Frank
Amadeo is he's fucking giving him huh
right and if you don't know who Frank
Amadeo is Frank Amadeo is the guy who
filed both my 2255 and got 12 years off
my fucking sentences the only reason
that I'm not in prison right now and I
shoot my outdate was 20 30 I'm supposed
to be in prison right now but it's Frank
Amadeo that got me out so he's a genius
watch the comedy stuff no he won't be
any yeah we talked about them yeah we
talked abou talk yeah we didn't tell the
whole story
no but his story here on my channel
inside your crime and he is gonna take
over the world and he is gonna be
Emperor so I were gonna do a podcast
with him he's fuckin awesome so Mendoza
says because the same guy that typed up
these documents was named Frank it's
Frank Amadeo then he says it's it's also
got they have to have coordinated sorry
- am i doing it wrong
a little too far Horton you're good okay
you know you were overshooting it you're
good okay so he also says um he turns it
down because he says all of the typed up
all of the typed up affidavits all the
format's are the exact same and all of
the fonts are the exact same so it all
had to be coordinated by Frank Amadeo
now let me point out something to you -
perfect dos is listening to this which
I'm sure he have about 20 now 20 that's
crazy
15 swing tech typewriters that are 30
years old that don't have any any um
they don't have any fucking spellcheck
or any any type of property um in prison
they are manual fuckin typewriter yet so
you could type these documents up on
five different ones they will all look
the same because it's all the same
they're all the same we never all the
same font it's all the same it's all the
same format that is actually the reason
he denies this no clue he actually says
precisely the same font the same format
and font right here same font as
Francona do as the same stuff that Frank
amedeo uses yeah they're in the same
fucking place as some Windex 30 year old
twin tax they won't give us computers
god forbid no yes so that's why he he oh
it right here
mr. Amadeo he talks about mr. Amadeo
here he really they hate me Amadeo okay
so the Ottomans in there he's completely
fucked
Frank Amadeo yeah so Blaine is furious
this is another document from his from
his talking about a five cable when he
deserves a five K water he got a five
came one he deserves rule 35 blah blah
blah whatever okay so now I'm in with
Donovan I'm writing
story mm-hmm so I start writing the
story I start doing evidence I start
looking looking forever he's got a ton
of stuff mm-hmm and I say to him okay I
said yeah you know it'd be great if we
could get this we get that he's like
yeah well I don't know what do you mean
I see know if we could get this stuff
from like from loose and Dorf like from
the stuff because you guys were trading
through him maybe they've got documents
yeah we could use and he's like well I I
couldn't get that I was like well let's
do a Freedom of Information Act I said
to be honest Donovan you should get a
Freedom of Information Act on everything
right and he goes well why would I do
that I mean I have all this stuff in my
thing he's thinking like a normal person
the government gave me everything so we
already said the government has lied
about this I'm right about that he's
like white but why would they didn't
turn around and give me the same
documents I that they've lied about I go
because they would give you those
documents because the left hand doesn't
know what the right hands doing the
federal government trusts me I made a
ton of fucking money by manipulating
public records to make millions because
I knew the left hand didn't know what
the right hand was doing mm-hmm I said
so you order it because the same guy
that's in Iowa somewhere are some one of
them fucking square States up north
who's a funky fucking FBI agent or
Secret Service agent working in there
and they're Freedom of Information Act
Department trust me here in the basement
somewhere looking up documents not why
you why you signed on to be a Secret
Service agent so that guy doesn't know
that the US attorney in in in DC lied
mm-hmm cuz it's not listed anywhere
he doesn't know him so if you asked for
those documents that he said you didn't
have you may get him and he goes okay
well how do I do that I say look I got a
form letter so we fill out the form
letter we send it in
he gets back something first to get he
gets back something that says that they
have no documents then he goes back and
says well that's not sure I know you
have documents she's just prosecuted me
yeah they come back and they say well I
got 54 documents he's gonna know that's
not true
okay okay okay then they come back and
they go okay fine we have 200,000
documents seized take us three years to
compile them and we need $15,000 well
Donovan still has some money Saddam is
like sorry fuck it compiling
and then there's plenty of dirt to go
around here yeah so then he ends up
getting this letter from the Secret
Service that says hey listen we have
these we've obtained these external hard
drives that went missing we have them in
our vault our evidence fault what do you
want us to do with them so Donovan goes
Matt I got this in the mail came to
Coleman right here Donovan Davis he's
like they fucking got the hard drives no
no I said I thought the hard drives were
destroyed
the receivers supposedly destroy the
right yeah they actually what happened
was the Secret Service came in and made
copies of everything before they gave it
to the receiver which is what they're
supposed to do I'm sure they still have
the copies no you want the copies fuck
yeah so the heart was yeah I do want him
I do want him so Donovan goes he says
okay I do want them so he calls his wife
Christie Christie then calls and says
absolutely we want them so she said she
told me on the phone I talked to her
yesterday and she told me that she
called
how many times did she call called fer I
think almost a two week straight and
left messages I want him I want him I
want him finally she got a call back
from a guy that Donovan sibling right
now um she got a phone call back from
this guy and he said he did have the dot
he did have the heart them said yeah
yeah I got him oh here's his name agent
Roy Dotson so he's in the evidence
department so Dotson says yeah yeah
we've got them but they've been erased
she's okay well I want him hmm yeah he
is well why do you want him there
they've been erased
she's okay why still want him because
she's she's got this thing this da this
data analysis company that's gonna
fucking go through they can recover him
she thinks that well she thinks they can
be maybe something's there she goes I
don't care I want him yeah she's trying
to get her fucking husband out of prison
so she's I want him and he goes uh well
she's what I can come down today and get
him she is oh no no no they're in our
vault we're just gonna take about a week
or two you got a schedule on a point
min-hee she's okay fine so she schedules
an appointment she goes and gets a
private investigator to go with her like
almost two weeks later she goes down
there she gets them they get him they
bring him straight here to data analysis
data analysis looks through him says
I've never stay say I've never seen
anything scrub this good Wow they go
this thing's past the fucking factory
settings there's nothing on these things
nothing
they're blank can't tell anything was
even written on them and she's like fuck
so but Donovan and I keep getting
documents in from the government one of
the documents we get in tells that when
Christie called let's say for the sake
of argument on the first they said
they've been wiped there's a plane get a
document in that says on the fifth they
wiped them mmm after they five days
after you talked her her you then erased
them who said they were race before
already
no no they can I prove that yep we got
they got a document that shows when they
were erased we got him out of bed we
erased them we then gave him to her by
the way you're not allowed a trace
evidence no no no it's okay it's
completely against protocol policy
fucking just in general all right so you
can't do that so one so Donovan suing
that guy and a few other people so
Donovan's like fuck this is bullshit I
can't believe they did that it's
upsetting so then he goes do you know
what you know what what about my laptop
where's my laptop so he then contacts
there or he goes to the judge he files
paperwork with the judge saying they
just erased this with the court they
erased this
I want my laptop they have my laptop
because he has documents in showing they
have it so then they go and Christie
contacts them and they come back and
they are no I'm sorry the government
comes back and the government says it's
been destroyed
of course he destroyed the light let me
tell you what happened with my laptops
when I got arrested I got arrested I was
fed by the Secret Service they seized
all my equipment they seized everything
they seized all my hard drive they
seized everything I had they seized all
my laptops everything
six years later two Secret Service
agents drove down from Atlanta they
pulled me out they bring me to a room
and they say hey would with the Secret
Service and I said okay and they said we
have your laptops I said okay and they
said do you want them back we have them
we I said well no I don't want to make
okay well we can we I said it's old
technology and I'm about to fucking
spend another 20 years in this fucking
place yeah I'm good thanks fuck do I
care and she goes okay well we need to
destroy them but you have to sign this
paper and I went you drove down here
both of you think she was well wait
there's two of us we have to be here to
witness it and you have to sign for us
to destroy them not Donovan not just
white fish this shit clean and his his
laptop personal laptop they just destroy
it so Donovan suing that woman to the
the Secret Service agent did that too so
remember he wasn't prosecuted out of
Orlando Donovan wasn't prosecuted out of
Orlando mm-hmm remember a Hamburg so why
wasn't he prosecuted out of Orlando
right that's that's one of the questions
was like why doesn't make sense it was
in Orlando they had all the evidence all
the witnesses are there all the victims
are within that within why why would you
have these guys in DC why how do they
come in yeah okay so I wasn't quite sure
that and this is what happened basically
after the gap right after the gap and
after I left these are the kinds of
things this this is a part that started
so after you told this is this is after
you wrote the story after I wrote the
story after I left there's little things
that are happening and Donovan and his
wife are starting to put it together
I've spoken with his wife and she over
the last several days and last week she
sent me a packet and I went over the
whole thing because she's really deep
into it yeah so that's got to be rough
oh yeah he's in there for how long he's
been in there to date like six six years
five at least ten laughs I'd still be
married and being visiting how often
does his wife visit him five or six
years now
Oh his wife comes every every every
single you can you know they have a
scale you could only come like you only
have points you have there's so many
points so you end up coming like every
two weeks or whatever so his wife comes
like three like two or three weeks out
of the month and they have to balance
how many this and how many points is
this and do we get free points that day
listen to it they make you jump through
hoops like you can't fucking believe
they don't want your family coming yeah
I mean they say oh we do everything we
can they do everything they can to not
have your family come and this guy has a
beautiful wife amazing person just a
great person all around he's got a
little baby daughter mm-hmm that gets to
that that's basic I think she's probably
like for now maybe four or five years
old now I think she was born like just
before yeah so he's probably he's
probably been about five years so she's
running around so she's she's
experiencing daddy in the prison
visitation room growing up yeah she'll
be fuckin 1540s out yeah she said she's
adorable God and uh he got seventeen
years because sucker yeah exactly uh
because he was a fucking mark and he
made the mistake of going to going to
trial to me you should have fuckin tried
to plea I would have come in and just
take him because he didn't know any
better how many how many years I give
them for the plea no he probably would
got three or four years oh yeah
absolutely no way would have got more
than three or four years and the guy
really fucked you understand that that
guy's that committed the crime that are
hands down guilty half the time he got
not even not even one guy is seven years
the other seven months yeah they're out
Damien's out Blaine's be out in another
year or two
Donna it got fucking a decade left so
sue his lawyer that's probably happening
um so okay so here is why did this is
why the Orlan white this is what's
they've come why they didn't indict him
on the alert Orlando Orlando Riya
so Blaine told the
Blayne told the the IRS agents by the
way the IRA it sounds funny the IRS a
TRS agents are essentially like a Secret
Service or FBI they're massive now like
people don't realize like I the IRS all
it's a boat they're investigate this is
it this the IRS isn't investigating just
just tax taxes the IRS is investigating
the same kind of shit that fucking
anything to do with money
mm-hmm so they're practically like The
Secret Service or FBI well so they come
in they're investigating and the pilot
remember the plane there was a pilot by
the name of of fuckit his name is Wiley
his last name was Wiley mm-hmm I have
his first name here somewhere anyway so
Wiley was the pilot for Capitol blue
he's also the pilot for several other
rich people so but what he tells Blane
hey listen if you I know I'm on a
first-name basis with Hamburg US
Attorney Hamburg and I know him and I
can get him and not prosecute you guys
give me ten grand and I'll make sure
that he make sure he just passes on it
cuz it's questionable and so he says the
pilot says its ability tells blame that
blame gives him okay approximately two
to three weeks after the Naples office
was shut down blaine gave wiley $10,000
in cash he said he was scared while he
said he was going to pay off
roger hamburg wiley had indicated that
he knew hamburg on a one-on-one basis
Davis said that that wishes a Blaine
Blaine said said there should be a debit
out of his region's bank account Blaine
said his that his wife Melissa of God
Milani whatever was in the car with him
when he gave
weighing the money he also recalled that
he talked to his father about the matter
and his father was aware that he'd gone
through with it and given him the money
hmm okay Wylie told Blaine Davis that he
would make his life hell if he didn't
pay him the money so I was just another
scammer or is he serious well I don't
think so basically because here's the
thing that happens and then they don't
prosecute they don't prosecute him they
don't prosecute him hmm so what's the
reason that they didn't prosecute him
years went by yeah you see it wasn't
like two months later they handed it off
to the US Attorney or to the uh to the
uh to these guys in DC years go by
yeah so we're talking about four or five
years go by before DC gets involved
okay so Wylie by the way while I think
pilot his name Kevin Wiley Blaine says
he paid him off okay did he did he I
don't know but I do know that Hamburg
didn't didn't prosecute him right so the
other thing is there's a guy by the name
there are two guys by the name of Joseph
Langston and another guy by the name of
Richard scrub scrubs
it's a tough name Essen or mustard
Scruggs yeah okay so we got we got
Richard Scruggs
and we got we got Scruggs and we got
Langston Langston happens to know Wiley
Wiley was his pilot well Langston and
and Scruggs end up getting indicted for
bribing judges in fact that out of
Mississippi they end up bribing a
send-up arriving a bunch of judges
Scruggs is the one of the law has one of
the largest tobacco settlements in US
history forty he got he convinced 46 and
46 different states he convinced
multiple tobacco companies
to pay out 246 billion dollars he made
over a billion dollars himself he's one
of the richest fuckin attorneys ever
holy shit
here's the interesting part is he did
that part of the way he did that was
bribing judges yeah judges juries
lawyers everything so when these guys
get indicted they got a major fuckin
problem the problem is they had dirt on
everybody right so when the government
steps in and they've indited these guys
do you prosecute these how hard you
prosecute these guys when these guys are
going to touch judges prosecutors other
lawyers defense attorneys they're gonna
and one of them is a US senator what one
of the guys that was involved was a US
senators thing about a senator can put
pressure on the on these tobacco
companies just seller sells yourself so
they come in langston gets indicted
Scruggs gets indicted they need to get
they come in they are gonna plead guilty
they plead guilty but they're gonna get
their sentence reduced how can you get
your sentence reduced you have to
cooperate yeah - phone right well yeah
but if Danny and I both plead guilty who
am i cooperating against I don't really
have anybody so the more you can provide
assuming you have stuff to provide which
they don't have a lot to provide so
they're they're trying to get a
sweetheart deal
well Wiley ends up telling Langston
listen I can give you information and
give you information on on a company
that's a that's uh is about to be
indicted they're going under they stole
a bunch of money it's a Ponzi scheme I
can give you information you can give it
to the government and you'll get a
reduction for that and so Langston says
okay and I have the the report that's
the report where I said I had that
report where this was when he talks to
the FBI
Oh Joey Langston Langston gives the
information the the the source of the
information was Kevin Wiley and Langston
gives the information to the IRS well
what happens is the IRS ends up saying
and it's all on Capitol blue they talk
about Capitol blue at his sentencing
they talk about how he
information about capital blue and
they're going to reduce his sentence
because of this information he gave on
capital blue okay Danny for you to get a
reduction you give information to
someone so I tell on you you get Centon
you get you found guilty sentence and
then I get my sentence cut in 2007 or
eight
he was given a reduction on his sentence
he got thirty he got three years he got
three years capital blue wasn't
prosecuted until 2015 so you gave the
information you got your sentence cut
before prop before capital blue was even
went to trial he'd already served his
time I was out years Wow
years before now the other guy I'm
pretty sure that Scruggs is still is
still locked up he didn't have the
information and the problem is is that
if you look at it the I the IRS the
agents say that the information he gave
didn't help at all it was useless
but they used it to give him a reduction
so how do you cover up all this how do
you make sure that that he did give us
information and we did use it and it did
help you have to have the prosecution
but but Hamburg won't prosecute so DC
comes in takes the case and they
prosecute because we want to make sure
there's prosecution's and their people
found guilty cuz we give this guy a
sweetheart deal right so that's to me
that makes sense
it's it's a loose connection but it's
it's a connection for sure they're all
and it's all capital blue and it doesn't
make sense
you gave this guy a reduction for
something there that just doesn't happen
doesn't happen so anyway so that's
that's all in the whole thing is and
here's the thing is that anything that
Donovan files Mendoza
automatically denies and you were asking
like why would he do that why does
Mendoza keep doing it so the only thing
that makes sense to me is one it was his
first case
- you're you're bringing up mistakes
that he made mm-hmm so my first case
that lasted eight or nine days costs
probably a million dollars to try
and I kind of botched the case I let in
evidence and I got a guy that says he's
guilty and he goat he went to prison
it's better for me to keep him in prison
then for me to say I fucked up let's
give him another trial let's fix this
damn I don't want to say that people
don't own up to their shit yeah they
better off bury it and what does it
matter
we got some black guy who digs digs
holes he said he sells dirt yeah so is
he is important as a federal judge's
reputation no of course not let him do
the time and honestly I'm sure in a
similar thing yeah kind of they they
don't want to they don't want to tarnish
their reputation yeah they're not gonna
take the fall for fuck these guys yeah
same thing with Racine I'm he's a drug
dealer let him sit in prison
same with this guy and in spite I'm sure
he's justified it too
yeah keep my oh yeah Donovan he did get
people to invest in them into his home
right yeah and look maybe even Mendoza
initially deserves 17 right what but
what he gave it to him he probably
thought he did yeah since then you've
got you've got you could at this point
Mendoza knows there's overwhelming
blowback why right why is the government
destroyed evidence yeah why have they
destroyed why did they erase that the
server's hard drives laptops exactly
what and what about these witnesses why
these guys what the affidavits at this
point he's making shit up to deny it
oh they're all in the same crazy it was
Frank on a day the other thing is and we
had mentioned this was uh what's funny
is that uh so I get out right I get out
of prison all this stuff's going on and
since I've gotten out I was still in the
halfway house when I talk to Damien so I
talked to Damien I tell Damien look men
I asked him you know to look at the
story and help me with the story
yeah let's write a backstory what's your
opinion what do you think
Donovan's ready to talk he's ready to
tell everybody I didn't do it
Damien spins me Oh IIIi read the story a
long time ago when it was on the website
I'll let you know let me let me let me
read it again this weekend I call him
after the weekend what happened is you
read I didn't get time I'll read it in a
couple days call him again a couple days
later Oh I started to read it I'm gonna
read it this weekend I didn't do it then
eventually he just doesn't answer the
phone to return a text yeah he didn't
want to talk about it so I tried to have
a discussion with he just won't even
discuss pinning and spinning a spinning
Blayne on the other hand
Blaine's fucking a maniac Blaine has an
assistant that sent me while I was in
the halfway house sent me a fucking
email saying he had read the whole thing
and that it was just nothing but blatant
lies and I was like so I can't he said
and if I didn't remove it within the
next 10 days he was filing a lawsuit so
I came back and I said well first of all
I'm not gonna be threatened I feel
pretty confident that I am protected by
the First Amendment and that even as
they felon you can't take that from me
I was dead and you're some fucking guy
in prison I said so listen I said I'm
not doing that but what I will do is
this Blaine I said anything in this
document that you show me that I cannot
prove or that I've said is 100% true and
isn't I will certainly redact it or I
will I will rewrite the entire thing
based on the evidence you could provide
right so he comes back and he says you
said this and you said that night any
new where did you get that information
and I said well I got that from the IRS
agent or the Secret Service agent that
no it was the FBI
FDLE agent that testified at your
sentencing identified during your trial
the trial that you lost are you saying
that the FDLE agent wide or FBI whoever
it was I think was FDLE are you saying
he lied cause you lost trial so clearly
it was believed so I feel pretty
confident about that one well where did
you get these numbers there is no proof
that I have any
offshore accounts with any money in it
and I go where'd I get that the offshore
accounts well here's where I got it and
then I say this document this this you
told the IRS agents this this this this
this said and I have proof that money
was wired here here here and I have
proof that you win it I so explain the
whole thing passes on that then he comes
back well what about this you said this
I said where'd I get that I got that
from your factual stipulations which you
stipulated to at sentencing so I got
that from what you said or are you
telling me that you lied to the court
because that's where I got that from
what you said which was real it comes
back well you said that the FBI proved
that I was funneling money offshore yet
you don't know what you're talking about
he was the FBI at this squid on for oh
by the way a month back forth back
through his assistant yeah he comes back
and he says he says the FBI wasn't even
involved in my case or in capital blue
you don't know what you're talking about
and I come back and I go Blaine I said
you're absolutely right but when I did a
Freedom of Information Act for a PFG and
on Wilson Dorf coupled with a request
for any information for with Capitol
blue I got the FBI documents which
stated that you were liquidating the
assets you were liquidating the company
and you were shipping all the money
offshore and that loosened or fur was
working with you to funnel money
offshore and I gave him the I gave him
the actual numbers of the documents and
I said I suggest you do a Freedom of
Information Act for the Chicago field
office for the FBI you'll get the same
documents I never heard from that
motherfucker again he told me he was
gonna sue me Sam no he knows you got it
covered
I got you bro I'm not fuckin around what
happened to loosen Dorf
oh no if he's still in prison how long
did he got he was in it like yeah like I
think he had a good run over 65 at least
probably yeah poor bastard yeah poor
bastard like half a billion Isaac Billy
that's the saddest part that is you
almost feel like I was rooting for you
to kill yourself
guys you didn't do it in jail I'm a one
your Ponzi scheme although you had a
good run your Ponzi thing falls apart
and then you figure fuck it I'm going
out on top and you botched that fuck and
you left a note and you left the tail
and all he's done anyway but yeah that
is funny
that sucks Wow but I don't know well
what's the fucking moral of the story
man I mean listen man whether you're
guilty I mean just plead guilty bro just
take this heads came in right now and
said listen mr. Cox
we've just indicted you on a 10 kilo
conspiracy yeah
and take you to trial we'll give you the
other four yeah we'll give you five
years right now or you can go to trial
and get 30 years I'd be a will grow can
we work out a deal I mean yeah can I get
the drug program I'll work with you I've
never seen cocaine I don't know anything
about it but I'm pretty sure you're
gonna get five guys to testify against
me yeah and I can't go to trial window
yeah sure okay I'll take the five can I
get PTI yeah I mean you know I think you
think Donovan ever like clears it and
gets out earlier no he does the fucking
hunt the whole notion bang you know the
problem is Mendoza he's unwilling to
step outside of his own ego yeah and say
let me look at this with with a clear
set of eyes and say at the very least he
deserves a new trial the problem is if
he gets a new trial they won't bring him
to trial yeah they'll just drop the
whole thing come to them and say look
man let's listen it's fucked up right
take a plea mm-hmm we'll let you out of
jail with that trial cost well it cost
another million dollar but the fact is
that you can't put it in these people
back on trial
you can't put listen you've got now you
know lot of fucked-up shit on even now
knows Blaine's not gonna back up Damien
yeah we now know that we can put all
this in front of the jury and prove that
these emails are bullshit
this way every ball so very very quickly
the receiver is dirty
if you don't daddy you don't have you
know all these event but what really got
him was that you have investors standing
up there saying I put $100,000 in of my
life savings
and Donovan told me to put the money in
mmm right they like the amount of money
that they sentence them on even if so if
what if you believe let's pretend for a
second that you believe that he actually
knew halfway through okay why did you
send in some 117 million why didn't you
send him to them on for a better a
little why don't you just send him on
what he actually brought in which was
only a few million dollars right
eliminate the money he lost and the
money he brought in was a few million it
was his own money right he's already
done the time yeah that's what you did
time sir by the sentencing guidelines
he's already done the time let's say you
just hit him just for general principle
of being a fuckin moron here which I'll
game served right there Eddie missed the
first five years of his daughter's life
you're done he gets out you banked on
people like Roman daddy who are
committing felonies at the time and the
government who knows it's going on and
put them on the fucking stand anyway
they're destroying evidence they're
covering shit up I mean it's fucked
there's bribes involved there's there's
there's there's uh there's testimony
that false testimony you got multiple
people saying it what is the fucking
problem give him a new fucking trial
what is the problem I mean because of
your ego yeah wasn't the worst what's
the worst possible thing that would
happen to him would it affect his career
at all appointment judge has a lifetime
appointment okay they're not gonna he
won't be removed nothing first of all
you're just about maybe sure would make
to a bigger position even the you know
that he may be he may be saying hey look
I want to become a supervising whatever
right but I don't see that that really
affects you look he's a young guy I
think he's in his late 30s or early 40s
when this whole thing started you know
he was a state judge he doesn't it's his
very first very first case I think he's
made some mistakes
I think he's covering for those mistakes
I understand want to own up to it
doesn't want to own up to it and the
worst thing is now it's like once
dig in what do you do you just can't not
dig in yeah you know it takes it takes a
hell of a man to step back and say I
fucked up yeah let's go ahead and move
forward let's go ahead and move forward
yeah they don't like sight of that
because look if Donovan won he knows at
this point he can't be found guilty I
mean he can't be found guilty at this
point right he most likely doesn't even
get the indictment basically failed and
he basically gets it gets released and
they don't like to let people out they
already sentenced fucking guilty for
crimes and you know let's face it
Donovan's gonna sue you
yeah he's fucking especially yeah you
let him out now yeah now after five
years now it's just self-preservation
yeah I thought so he's Donald owned of
that spot you know he's in a gym his
fucking wife just his wife is she might
as well be a fucking lawyer now
she's read so many of these things ten
times knows the law inside now she knows
everything you imagine how do you think
she felt when she heard they have the
fucking servers or the the hard drives
we know that all the emails went through
the hard drive and we know we can now
prove those emails are fake yeah then
finds out they're scrubbed after she
calls right oh that was I'm sure that
wasn't heart-wrenching oh my god I feel
like you're fucking your your heart was
ripped straight out of your fucking
chest yeah every single time I mean and
keeps having to go every two weeks to
see shadows are for being so strong yeah
that's a shame yeah it sucks
ready go eat yeah I'm ready fortunately
a youtube.com slash and is it sloshed
inside true crime do you have a show you
were custom URL yeah just go to a
YouTube typing inside truth right or
Matthew will put the link in the video
links in the description below basically
people are telling me I need to put it
does
matcom know Matt Cox all your stuff show
though this is inside your cream inside
true crime is mine and you can listen to
all these things on audio you can listen
to the gap
yep it's fucking it's good and your pay
tree on patreon.com from God to patreon
yeah listen I need to be doing this
full-time everyone needs to go on there
and give Matt all the fucking support he
deserves for doing these podcasts and
all the money yes he's a great guy he's
a likable guy he's a sociopath patreon
for me don't give him your social you
gotta do is hit the subscribe button and
this give him like five bucks on patreon
my probation officer what's your what's
your feels listen I tell you when I was
the same thing when I told you I was in
the in the halfway house and she came to
see me the first time yeah she goes she
said same thing I told you that I told
the fucking shrink she goes she says so
um she said what are you doing I said
I'm doing this and doing that she was
okay I'm working here I'm working at the
gym she was okay so what are your plans
when you get out I'm gonna do this I'm
gonna do that and she's okay so you feel
good about I said I feel pretty good
imma bust my ass for about a year I said
I got this what happens after a year I
said if after a year I'm still fucking
living in someone's spare room and I'm
driving and I'm taking the fucking bus
to work or something and she goes yeah I
said I'm gonna commit a massiveness
autumn leave the United States and she
went she's you know I'm not as shocked
by that is you think I would it is what
it is she said well let's hope it
doesn't go that way and I said well
let's hope so and so I mean I was just
you know I was just fucking just you
know just angry and pissed off yeah okay
cool so I leave so then today she comes
for like a random piss test right he
just stops by and so I I do the things
she sits out she goes how so weird you
get a piss test
no drugs you never had anything to do
with drugs no or any kind of soda I've
got all kinds of shit going on you do
understand that I have I have to see a
shrink once a week for an hour right I
have to do that I have to call in every
day for random urine tests okay they
look through all my bank accounts every
single every single month I have to send
them my pain I'm doing stuff nobody else
is doing the judge you told you they're
like you can't work in construction you
can't work in development you can't work
in finance your work can't work in bank
bank account you can't work in real
estate I mean I'm I'm extremely
restricted to what I can do there
very concerned so so what happened when
she came today you know I did the the UA
and I gave it to her and we were talking
and she's she's a very nice person
yeah so but she says so how are you
feeling this and that she they're very
concerned about my my level of anxiety
yeah so she's like you feeling anxious
you okay I'm like I'm alright this and
this now that's okay she's everything
going good like I mean how do you feel I
feel good everything's good she's really
you know they want to make sure you're
acclimated they're not she's not an
asshole or anything yeah so she goes uh
but she's strict and she said she was so
do you remember when we talked in the
halfway house and she was remember you
were saying that after a year if things
weren't going well and I was like oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah yes yes how are you
feeling about that she's because I mean
it's coming up on I was like I said I
was fucked up at the time it was really
fucked I said and honestly I said things
are going so well it would be stupid of
me right at this point I said at this
point it would be stupid of me to do
anything she's like you're sure you feel
okay I said no I feel good about it I'm
doing well everything's going good
things are going well the books are
selling I'm doing the YouTube thing I
said for the the website I said things
are moving forward I said I've got this
this another never in a good direction
great trajectory right now I got this
thing with this production company in
Los Angeles I mean I got a whole bunch
of shit that's going on yeah that's
going well and she's like so you feeling
okay I said so that's probably off the
tail I said that I be that's off it's
gone off the day off and she says a look
on her face was like like don't fuck
with me it's never off the table anyway
all right good cool got to keep you out
of jail
yeah we're keeping me out of jail
keeping him on the path to success that
he's on right now so give him all the
love and support you can
[Music]